."
aal "I’m doing you a favor even allowing you to get close to him."
aal "Any hunter could do the same thing and keep their mouths shut for a little extra pay."
aun "If you would let me stay longer I could even find the reason why they’re attacking so much."
aal "Don’t try to manipulate me you {i}witch{/i}."
aal "Have you taken care of the rodent yet?"
aun "The Cryptid Nightfallen? Yes, and it’s a harmless and rare one, if only you could-"
aal "Synthia, I don’t care, how many times do I have to tell you?"
aal "You’re here to clean the trash, no more, no less, don’t tell me about what you find in the bags."
aun "Of course…"
aal "Now GO!"
teacher "Is she always this loud?" with longdissolve
teacher "I can barely hear your notes."
teacher "C-sharp, by the way, not D."
al "Only when my aunt is here…"
al "I think she’s doing it right outside my room on purpose."
teacher "That’s just rubbish, want me to give her an earful?"
al "NO! No… she’s just going to fire you."
teacher "And you don’t want that?"
al "Of course not, you’re- my only friend."
teacher "What about the gem I gave you?"
al "I’m still trying to get used to their presence."
al "I’m not sure I’ll be ‘friends’ with one anytime soon."
teacher "Is that where you keep them? Under the floorboard?"
al "Is it such an obvious place?"
teacher "No, nobody would find them, especially your mother, I can simply sense them."
al "I wish you were my magic teacher instead."
teacher "You can’t let her treat you like that, you know?"
al "She… she’s my mom."
al "What am I supposed to do?"
teacher "You’re a smart boy, already an adult too. There are many things you can do."
teacher "My plans are still on the table too."
teacher "I’m guessing your backpack is ready at any point."
al "I’m… keeping those options as a last resort."
teacher "If you say so."
teacher "I just hope you don’t live to regret that."
teacher "Emergency."
al "What?"
teacher "EMERGENCY!"
pass
{i}Emergency Call! Emergency Call! Emergency Call!{/i}
y sleepy"What the-"
y sleepy"In the middle of the night?"
y "Someone better be dying."
{i}*Click*{/i}
y "Hello?"
d "{size=*1.5}[NAME], I’M DYING!{/size}" with hpunch
y worried"D-DALLAN, IS THAT YOU?!"
al "What’s happening…?"
d "Hey [name], sorry for the sudden jumpscare, the stress is slowly killing me but not just yet, I just needed to be sure you’re there and awake."
y bored"Mission accomplished I guess, thanks a lot."
d "Sorry, yes, it’s me, Dallan. I got your number from Therium, I am SO sorry for intruding on your free time."
Y pf"It’s 4 AM…"
d "Yes! You are very aware of your surroundings! That is very good for your task!"
y simple"What task?"
d "You’re with Alvy Arufar right now, correct?"
y angry"How?! How?! How does everyone know that???"
d "Great!"
d "You see, I have run into a bit of mess. Well, alright, not me per se, but I have to help my friends with some issues."
d "It’s a bit of a secret, multiple secrets really, so I know this is a big favor and burden on you, as first years, but there’s really nobody better for the job."
y bored"I love you Dallan, but can you please get to the point?"
d "Of course! So, uhmm-"
d "Would you two be willing to present the battles tomorrow in my stead?"
yal wtf"Eh...?"