."
q "The machinery managed to shoot some projectiles towards the panther before its demise, which were successfully blocked by a barrier created from the same device."
y must"That was even faster than Tate’s match, wow."
al "He didn’t even use magic, did he?"
y must"That looked like magic."
al "But it came from his device."
y "He sure took care of that dummy better than most sorcerers, so does it matter?"
al "Suppose not, but it’s interesting to say the least."
y "See? Didn’t I say you’re gonna have fun?"
al "Yeah… people are far more fun than they seem."
al "The whole world has so many surprises, good surprises."
q "He looks at you with a… sort of loving gaze, is what you’d describe it, although it’s hard to tell under the mustache. It is starting to confuse you."
q "The sorcerer’s auditions go by relatively quickly, each person doing what they need to do in just a minute or two."
q "Since the Shard is not getting that many new members this year, soon it’s the Summoner’s turn."
y must"Already?"
al "That just means we can go away faster."
y "I wonder how the list will go."
al "Not alphabetically, if the sorcerers were any indication."
d "THE FIRST PHASE OF TODAY’S AUDITIONS HAS ENDED! NOW FOR OUR DEAR SUMMONERS-"
q "Groans and moans echo throughout the arena, and even some disrespectful boos."
d "DON’T WORRY EVERYONE, I’M SURE THIS YEAR’S FIRST YEARS WILL CREATE SOME VERY INTERESTING GLOWING GEMS AND… AND SMOKE CLOUDS!"
q "His reassurance doesn’t seem to work, and it seems some summoners even take it as a mockery towards them, judging by the ugly stares."
q "Luckily, he’s unaware of them."
I don’t know, there are enough people looking that he most likely saw at least some of them… poor Dallan.
un sidee"Uhm, yeah, you’re right, surely."
al "He’s a great host aside from being a bit oblivious at times."
y must"Aiden isn’t helping much either."
y "He’s been staring at his phone this whole time instead of commentating."
al "Maybe he’s shy since the Headmaster is literally behind him."
y "Aiden? Shy? I don’t know him that well, but I know that’s not the case."
y "Maybe he got a match on a dating app."
al "Dating app? Is that a thing?"
y must"Yeah… I don’t know if I’m in a well enough state to explain what it is."
al "I can figure it out on my own based on the name, believe it or not."
al "But I doubt he needs an app to date someone, he’s very handsome."
y "You like him? {i}*gasp*{/i} You have a crush on him?!"
al "Not a crush! I can recognize his good looks, you know? Just like I can tell you’re cute without… I-I mean, I can have opinions! That’s all."
y "You sure can, your opinions are very respectable too."
q "The thought that someone thinks you’re cute raises your mood and confidence, so much so that you ascend to a world of your own, a world of your own creation, with flying dog boys begging for your attention."
q "In a world deep enough that you don’t even hear your name being called multiple times by now."
al "[NAME]!"
y "Ah! W-what was that? Sorry, I was thinking of stuff."
al "YOU’RE UP!"
y shoked2"What?"
q "You look down at your pants, but thankfully nothing noticeable is showing."
al "The arena! You’re first!"
d "[NAME] [NAME2]?"
y worried"FUCK!"
q "You jump out of your seat and run through the crowd with cartoonishly clumsy movements, and jump into the arena."
y hurt2"Great first impression."
y "And why the hell am I the first one?"
y angry"This is like… the opposite of plot armor."
un ang"Shut up and do your task."
y s"Right… and that is summoning my new little buddy."
y awkward"The one I haven’t ever tried to summon before."
y "Why do I like to make things hard on myself?"
un bored"Cause it reminds you of dick and you’re a slut."
y ec"You are so right."
q "The wolf has mentioned your title as recommended student while you were inside your daydream, so the crowd is waiting with bated breath to see what this ‘prodigy’ will do."
un tease"Don’t disappoint your fans."
y pf"I’m already stressed enough."
un simple"I’m serious, focus, you can do this."
un "Just think of the summon materializing."
y worried"I don’t even know what it looks like…"
un "Not even the most skilled Summoner in the world would either! You just mended that gem, who knows what resides in it, but it synced with you, so everything will be fine!"
y s"Oh, you’re… right in so many ways, thanks for the support, I can do it."
q "The gem from earlier sits in the palm of your hand in its dull form."
y worried"Please please please be a cool, flashy Nightfallen."
q "Although you have no idea what resides in it, you’re tightly connected to the Nightfallen inside, so it shouldn’t be a problem to successfully summon it."
q "With a deep breath and seconds of concentration… it begins to move, then glow, and then-"
q "With a large smoke cloud trailing behind, a creature appears."
q "It is… you can’t quite make out what it is."
q "The weirdly adorable Nightfallen is about your height, trying to stand on two legs at first then falling back to fours."
q "It looks at you with glee in its eyes... with its... large, sparkling eyes."
y sadsmile"Hey there, buddy."
y "You’re not a mimic… or a slime."
y "Not anything for beginners at least."
y "What are you?"
q "It chirps in response, as if it understood you but has no means of communicating yet."
q "The people watching are left in awe as well. Mostly because they didn’t expect someone to actually summon anything at the auditions."
q "The curiosity turns to deep fondness when the creature flops on its back asking for belly rubs."
y smug"You’re enjoying this attention, aren’t you?"
y "It would be a crime to refuse you… so I suppose I’m petting my first ever Nightfallen."
q "You kneel down next to it and bury your hand in its soft, silky fur. Your action is followed by shouts of encouragement and approval from the crowd."
q "The Nightfallen has absolutely failed in damaging the provided dummy it was supposed to attack, but it captured the hearts of all those present, and some would say that is much more important."
q "After a minute of scritching and scratching and caressing, the Nightfallen is satisfied, and turns back into smoke, but not before giving you a polite bow, as a parting gift."
y ec"That was… the best thing I’ve ever seen."
q "People around you would agree, considering the standing ovation your walk back to your seat has been met with."
y "How did I do?"
q "Talking isn’t needed here, the dog’s wildly wagging tail says a thousand words, and the tight hug he dares give you says a million."
y blush"Oh!- oh. I take it you liked the display?"
al "It was amazing!"
al "Was that a Wildfur? No, that would be illegal, I know that much. Perhaps a Cryptid? It looked like both, unless… {i}*gasp*{/i} was it a demon? It couldn’t be, right? Maybe a fairy of some sort, what if we tried-"
y smug"Calm down, it got you that fired up, huh?"
al "Sorry, yeah, I love finding out things about Nightfallen. Making up for all the time I spent learning the piano instead of reading Nightfallen books."
al "We’ll have so many things to talk about later!"
y "We have the whole year ahead of us, five of them, in fact."
al "I can’t wait!"
y s"For now let’s sit and-"
d "NEXT UP!"
al "It seems like it’s my turn already, wish me luck!"
y "You don’t need luck, but still, leave them breathless!"
y "I’m wondering just how good he is. Will he summon all of his Nightfallen, I wonder?"
d "AND BEGIN!"
y simple"..."
y surprised"What the-"
y "Where am I?"
y worried"Scribbles?"
y "Scrib Scrib? You there?"
y "Alvy?!"
xx "Shouldn’t you be spectating the auditions?"
y simple"Who-"
th "My butterflies are enough."
th "But shouldn’t YOU do the same?"
xx "Nah, it’s not my time just yet, I’ll just hang out with you some more, my good friend."
th "We’re not friends. And don’t you have better things to do?"
th "Argus is keeping an eye on him, why don’t you?"
xx "Father wants my eyes to be on you just a little more."
th "Not even hiding it anymore, huh? Just say to my face how much you don’t trust me."
xx "We believe in your opinions, but after you fucked him for a whole night it’s a bit harder to trust that you won’t be biased."
th "It didn’t actually happen."
xx "But it could’ve happened."
xx "Imagine having a perfectly good cake in front of you and it being taken away just like that."
th "You are an enabler."
xx "I’m just seeking fun wherever I can."
xx "Their bond grows stronger, much, much stronger already, and it’s only been about four days."
th "Don’t remind me…"
xx "Oops, forgot your jealousy is hard to hide."
xx "Look at the bright side."
xx "You, plan A, failed, but so did plan B! Now plan C looks more promising than ever!"
xx "Isn’t that great?!"
th "That’s what YOU wanted. I never wanted to get to plan B in the first place…"
th "Why…"
th "Why doesn’t he like me?"
th "I’m so much better than that stupid leopard."
xx "I don’t know, ask him."
xx "They’re both listening."
th "What?"
xx "And watching. So fix your hair."
th "I- I- my lord, you-"
xx "Oops, we’re out of time, the other twink is coming back."
y asleep"…"
al "Hey! Hey [name]!"
y shoked2"What… where-"
y surprised"Alvy?"
al "Were you sleeping?"
y hurt2"I think so?"
al "So you didn’t see me in there…?"
y worried"Not on purpose though! I promise!"
y "I passed out, literally, and had this weird dream about Therium and this plague doctor masked freak."
al "Seriously? He looked like that…? Are you feeling alright now?"
y "Yes, I’m just a bit tired, so you actually believe me?"
al "Of course!"
al "You wouldn’t lie to me, would you?"
y "Never! I promise. Unless it’s a joke, but that’s not the case right now."
al "Has nobody tried to wake you?"
y simple"Why would they? It’s the summoners’ auditions."
q "Looking around you both notice multiple people deep in a slumber, no doubt created from boredom."
al "They’re already bored when the two recommended students went first?"
y "Maybe they fell asleep earlier."
y must"In any case, shall we go? I doubt any more surprises will come around."
al "With pleasure- oh, almost forgot my mustache."
q "While making your way towards the main gate, two large bodies and a medium one block your way unintentionally by teleporting right in front, startling the dog."
d "There really is no need to waste your magic like that, we can just walk, Tate."
t "But I wanted to catch [name] before he leaves and tell him how awesome they were!"
y must"{i}*cough cough*{/i}"
q "They turn around as if it comes with a surprise that someone wants to use the main gate they’re blocking."
t "Oh hello there strangers!"
d "Are you leaving already? The summoners still have a while to go."
q "You deepen your voice before responding, just for the sake of amusement."
y must"Yes, that is part of the problem actually, we have other things to do."
y "Surely you can relate."
d "We are unfortunately escorting our friend to detention."
d "He got in a bit of hot water lately."
t "You don’t have to tell complete strangers that!"
a "What… fucking strangers…?"
q "You look up at Aiden and shrug with an awkward smile."
alv alvym"Detention? At an academy?"
a "He is literally the only one that ever got detention, it’s not a thing for normal people."
d "It is basically his timeout. There aren’t many punishment rules since… well, we’re all adults here with responsibilities and don’t need that kind of thing."
a "But this cat is a special case…"
t "Your ability to hurt your friends with words baffles me, Aiden."
a "By the way [name], well done on the auditions, both of you."
t "What?! You know [name]? Can you ask him what he thought of my performance as well when you meet him?"
a "I’m sure he doesn’t… let’s go."
t "Awwww."
t "Cool mustaches by the way."
d "We should all hang out one of these days."
d "I want to know more about our recommended students!"
d "Oops! I mean, the nice strangers we just met..."
T "Uhm, me and Aiden are actually busy tomorrow."
D "What? Again? What are you two doing that you can’t tell me?"
A "If we told you you’d freak out."
D "Why? If you two are hooking up you can tell-"
aandt "{size=*1.6}NO!{/size}" with hpunch
aandt "We’re not!"
T "You’re just very… rule obsessed."
D "Gasp!"
D "You’re off to break rules?"
A "Uhm… no, we’re hooking up, you were right the first time, come on Tate, let’s go, for real now."
D "W-wait!"
D "Sorry [name], I mean, stranger, it seems like I have to keep an eye on my friends tomorrow."
D "And now as well."
D "And forever."
D "You can’t even trust them with an egg, I swear."
D "GUYS! I CAN BE TRUSTED WITH YOUR DEGENERATE REBEL PHILOSOPHIES, I SWEAR!"
y must"A feeling of Deja Vu rushes over me."
q "Before you can step out of the gate, yet another block in the road appears, two of them."
r "Hello again [name]!"
co "What’s with the mustache?"
y must"Oh, hi, we were just-"
y "What the-"
q "Your partner is no longer with you."
y "I was just… trying a new style."
co "Might have to reconsider."
y bored"Probably."
r "Again just you. I could’ve sworn we’re getting the whole gang together this time!"
y simple"The whole gang?"
r "All of the recommended students."
r "We are yet to meet Alvy, but it seems you befriended him already."
r "Good for you."
co "You have a very friendly demeanor about you, so I’m not surprised."
r "Maybe some other time."
r "We seriously need to go to dinner sometime."
co "Or spar in the arena for a bit."
y awkward"I-I’m good, thanks, on the second thing."
y smug"But food does speak my language."
y "Although I doubt we’ll be able to schedule something before the test."
y "Oooh that little dog, so slippery he is, haha."
r "Howl when you do find him. We’d like at least a hello before the test starts."
y "Will do!"
co "Come on, we’ll be late to the meeting."
r "He is such an impatient man…"
r "See ya around [name]!"
y "Bye!"
y "…"
y "You can come out now."
q "The next moment, the dog reappears near you as if he never left, but this time the mustache is gone, and yours should be gone too probably, the panther was right."
al "Sorry… I panicked…"
y must"Even with our super high tech disguises?"
al "Especially with those. If I am to meet them for the first time I at least want to appear normal."
y smug"We’ve talked about this, normal is boooooring!"
al "It’s so not!"
al "Now let’s go have a completely normal time relaxing in the afternoon, you’ll see just how ‘boring’ it is."
y "Well that doesn’t count, with you around not even standing around feels boring."
al "Then come watch me drink three soda cans in two minutes under the house’s shade."
y s"That is something I do need to see."
y "We should order takeout too."
y simple"Talking to them about food plans made me hungry."
q "As an experienced and professional narrator, this would be a good point for me to create a choice, the choice of whether or not you’ll finally hold his hand in yours without the pressure of time pushing you to do so."
q "But it isn’t necessary, as there is no correct choice other than full stop yes, nor do you get a say in it regardless, as the shy dog’s hand slides into yours first."
q "The way back is destined to be long and quiet. After some time of enjoying each other’s company, studying each other’s steady footsteps, sway of tail and hips, you get a little idea."
q "Just to spice things up a little, you take out a pair of earphones from your backpack, having to break the warm hand holding for an agonizing ten seconds to do so."
q "You offer him one bud which he accepts without a second thought."
al "What are we listening to?"
y s"Was going to ask you the same thing."
y "What are you into?"
al "Cuddles are nice."
y pf"I’m not familiar with that ban- never mind you were making a joke, haha."
al "Wow, someone’s sharp."
al "I usually like to walk through town with some Hollowcity playing."
y ec"I love that artist, I have all their albums saved!"
q "The happiness on his face can’t quite be described. It’s that face a puppy makes when its owner comes home from a long workday, the face a child makes when the ice cream truck stops just for them, the face snow leopards make when their crush is happy… yes, you two are pretty much twins."
q "You vibe to different songs, artists and bands, skipping and dancing all the way home. What strangers in the streets? What prying eyes judging you? All you know is that you’re having fun."
q "The chairs are in the exact same place you left them in, waiting for your arrival."
y hurt3"Ahh, you’ve never felt so comfortable, mister chair."
al "Why was today so draining? We barely did any actual work."
y s"Socializing is an extreme sport."
al "Touche."
al "Oh, I forgot the sodas."
y "I’ll bring them!"
q "You grab as many cans as you can carry, slam the fridge door with your hip and hurry back."
Y pf"Perhaps it would’ve been more convenient to just grab some food from somewhere on our way here, instead of ordering."
al "I feel like we’ll have more control with a whole catalog of restaurants in front of us, won’t we?"
y s"You’re probably right."
y "What do you wanna eat?"
al "Hmmm."
al "I’m craving some fruit sandwiches right about now, a bunch of them."
y confused"Fruit sandwiches? If we find any places that sell them."
al "We could make them if anything."
un bored"Please don’t, this story is long enough as is…"
y bored"I don’t have the energy."
y s"What else do you want?"
al "That’s it."
y "You can’t just eat fruit sandwiches… that’s not a meal."
al "Yes it is! It’s carbs with dairy and fruit… it’s no different than a pasta dish."
y bored"Pasta will at least have tomatoes for veggies, if nothing else."
al "Tomatoes are fruit."
y angry"That... NO! What?! What are you doing to my brain? Stop! It’s not a fruit and It’s not a meal!"
y bored"I mean technically…{i}*sigh*{/i}"
y pf"I’m ordering a pizza as well anyway."
al "I’m okay with that, as long as I get my sandwiches."
pause 1.0
al "Told you- {i}*burp*{/i}- I can do it."
y smug"I had my doubts, I can’t lie, but that was a good technique."
al "You know, for a place taken over by nature it looks nice."
al "The outside of the house, the garden, even the pathway from the gate to the porch was almost left untouched."
y ec"Mother nature must’ve known you’re coming and tidied up a bit."
al "Could I ask you not to mention that word please? Sorry, but it’s stressful just to hear it."
y pf"I said a lot of words in that sentence."
al "...'Mother'."
y simple"Oh, sorry, she did look very intimidati-"
y awkward"I mean- {i}seem{/i} that way, from what you told me."
y "But I understand."
al "Thanks."
y "Spontaneous topic change!"
y ec"How about-"
al "You said my aunt’s name in your sleep."
y simple"-…"
al "I reckon that’s spontaneous enough."
y "It… sure was."
y sad"I-"
al "I don’t blame you, and I’m not upset at you, I promise."
al "I just want to know for sure what you’ve seen, please."
y "Just you, younger you, and your aunt, surrounded by Nightfallen, with your… parent, watching."
y simple"Seemed like a memory to me."
al "Might’ve been."
y "I’m ready to listen, to anything, just so you know."
al "I want to tell you… so many things. But I’m afraid."
q "The dog’s hands are shaking, barely holding the cold can with little force."
y sadsmile"If it involves secrets you can trust me."
al "I do trust you, but I literally can’t."
q "His large, pleading eyes lock onto yours, silently begging for help… but you can’t help when you don’t know where to start."
y simple"Is there a literal spell on you preventing you from talking, or some kind of trauma?"
al "The latter? I think? Although the first one could be true. It’s not like I’m experienced in magic, but I doubt it."
y sad"I wish I could help…"
al "My dreams have been empty for about a week or so as well, which is the more alarming part."
y sadsmile"You mentioned you dreamed about demons before, correct?"
al "One. Just one particular demon, if that’s what it was."
y "Aren’t you glad they’re gone anyway?"
q "He seems to be stuck between shaking his head and shrugging, undecided on what to think."
al "They weren’t bad, per se. In fact, I wouldn’t be here without them."
y simple"Why’s that? What did they do?"
al "How do you think I got my Nightfallen gems, [name]?"
q "It feels like the dog gathered all his strength just to say that sentence."
q "At that moment a slight realization hit, or perhaps more like a new truck of questions you need to throw his way."
q "It’s true, a sheltered kid from a family of non-hunters that hates Nightfallen? What experience does he have with Nightfallen?  Why is he here? How is he here? And where do you come into play in his journey?"
q "You can’t help but chuckle."
y sad"I suppose I stuck so close to the surface level story that I forgot to search you deeper."
y "But that’s why you’re so nervous about it all, the answers are not that simple, huh?"
q "He nods slowly, looking at the gentle blue butterfly landing on his half empty soda can."
y sadsmile"That’s alright! Don’t fret. You sparked a big fire of curiosity in me, and I won’t stop until I find every last bit of detail from your personal life. I’ll open you up like a book, and I’ll let you know I’ve read a hundred and twenty four books this summer alone."
y smug"You could say I’m an expert."
q "He looks happy and relieved."
al "Please do."
un simple"Looks like what he truly yearns for is someone to give a shit about him, nothing more and nothing less."
But he physically can’t bring himself to open up…
un bored"I think you know what the solution to that is."
y "Dreams are also my area of expertise."
y "I will drill you so hard and deep-"
al "O-oh?"
y pf"Wait… no."
y blush"Uhmm, spontaneous topic change?"
al "If you insist."
al "{size=*0.5}But I don’t mind that last part.{/size}"
y pf"{size=*0.25}Noted?{/size}"
al "W-what about your life?"
al "I wouldn’t want to assume, but surely you don’t have things that bad happening, right? Outside of the divorce, that is."
al "I didn’t get to dream about you, so sharing seems fair."
q "He’s waiting for the juicy information about a city boy’s life, the highs and the lows, while wagging his tail frantically and beaming with excitement."
y awkward"Uhmm, hmm."
un tease"Come ooon, you don’t want to disappoint him."
un sidee"And maybe you’ll unlock some of these closed off memories for me to peak in as well..."
y "I’m not lying when I say that… I don’t remember much."
un ang"You little shit."
al "How much is ‘much’?"
y simple"I remember my therapist. Although not exactly what we talked about… ever."
y bored"Kind of a waste of money in that regard."
y sad"I remember I had to move schools and leave my friends a couple of times, that must’ve sucked."
al "But you don’t remember them?"
y simple"N-no? Not particularly. It’s not like we were BEST friends or anything."
y "You don’t think I’m a bad person for that, do you?"
al "No, but I do think there’s more to that than you think."
y bored"Please, don’t turn into a therapist as well."
al "I’m just saying."
y "Good thing I remember my most traumatic event at least, God made sure of that one, if nothing else."
b "What did God look like?"
al "…"
y simple"…"
un simple"…"
b "I bet she has no fur."
b "Shedding is not very godly."
y "Who the fuck are you?"
b "Hi, I’m Bean, says right here."
al "Are you our delivery boy?"
b "Oh yeah, almost forgot. Your life stories were much more interesting than listening to my aunt complain about her topical antibiotic ointment cream being too cold for the tenth time, so I got lost in the sauce here."
y pf"How long have you been here for again?"
b "Uhhmm, you ordered this twenty eight minutes ago, it took me about eight to get here and two more to get my pants unstuck from your broken gate’s metal thingy, so I don’t know, like forty minutes?"
Y worried"Is my pizza cold?"
b "Yeah, cold pizza is the best, isn’t it?"
y bored"Only if they’re leftovers and you have a hangover… I’d like it hot and ready."
b "That’s what she said."
al "Do you have my sandwiches?"
b "Good news about those. Since you’re the only weirdos ordering these, no offense-"
y "That’s fair."
b "They gave you a couple of extra ones, but they also specified I have to put them on the house, so I’ll just throw them real qui-"
al "Do that and I break your arms.{w=1.0}{nw}"
y angry"Alvy!"
b "Yooo. That’s brutal, man."
al "S-sorry… I’m serious about my sandwiches…"
b "Should I put them there gently then, ooor-"
y bored"No, Bean. ‘On the house’ just means for free."
b "Oh alright. And by {i}‘free’{/i} you don’t mean you want sexual favors in exchange, right?"
y blush2"What? No!"
al "Why’d you think that?"
b "I got this job because of a lost bet with my brother, and in only a couple of days I got invited to like… seven sex parties, and a couple of regular requests for like blowjobs and stuff."
y pf"While on the job?"
al "For money?"
b "I don’t know about money, but they did offer tips. I’m pretty set in life, so I don’t need tips. Had to decline all of them."
b "I have to say, this whole experience did raise my self esteem by a lot. Gay men find me extremely attractive."
y pf"You do have certain… qualities."
al "Yeah… although I can’t explain it."
b "Thanks, you two are hella cute as well. I’d probably accept an invitation from you two if anyone, but like, not in a gay way or anything."
y bored"I think the food is the only part of you that should enter us…"
b "I understand, a committed marriage is great, but if you ever need to spice it up-"
al "We’re not…"
y blush"M-married…"
b "I am so confused right now."
y awkward"Just good ol’ pals, besties, living under a roof… haha."
b "Man, historians would love to write about you."
b "Can my bros just live with me, and sleep in my bed, and bite my lower lip in affection without it meaning anything?"
y simple"Uhm, yes?"
b "That is so cool… I need to make some phone ca- wait, do Nightfallen have phones?"
al "What?"
b "Can I get your numbers though?"
y bored"I don’t think so, thanks for the food, goodbye."
b "Do you believe in afterlife?{w=0.5}{nw}"
y angry"GOODBYE!"
b "Fine, I missed two deliveries already, don’t want another strike."
b "Give me four stars."
al "Not five?"
b "THEY already like me too much, I want my stats to be less than perfect to combat THEIR affection towards me."
un curious"Why are those capitalized?"
y bored"Finally, he’s gone."
al "He’s funny."
y confused"Seriously? Every seemingly normal person around is a weirdo in your eyes except for mister high on life?"
al "He had a kind aura around him."
y smug"Or are you just grateful he brought the food?"
q "The dog thinks while taking a massive bite of his cream sandwich, half a mandarin bursting with juices from within."
al "{i}I woknow, ould e{/i}."
y pf"And we’re not having this discussion again, you ARE taking a slice of pizza."
y "You can’t live with dessert alone."
al "You sound just like my maid. Except fast food or sugar weren’t ever on the table."
al "Huh. We’re circling back to me it seems. I don’t like these powers of yours."
y s"Trust me, I’m not a good manipulator."
al "That’s what a good manipulator would say."
y smug"Maybe I’ll crack you open without you realizing."
ch "Hope I’m not interrupting your cracking."
y surprised"Chelsie!"
ch "Hello boomers!"
ch "This place looks great for parties! Although you two don’t seem like the type to throw any, or go to any."
y bored"Did you come here just to judge us?"
al "And how do we never see anyone coming…?"
ch "Oh no, certainly not, finding you is just a little surprise."
ch "There is a hole in the wall just on the other side of this yard."
ch "It was always empty so we just used it as a sneaky getaway."
ch "I’m sure you’re very curious why I need to sneak out right now and can’t take the main gate-"
y simple"Not really."
al "Can’t say we do."
ch "Aiden asked me for a favor, a super secret Nightfallen mission, business, escapade, adventure."
ch "Tate and Dallan would usually do this kind of stuff with him, but they need to stay in ‘detention’."
ch "Pff, I know, what a low effort lie, I know an excuse when I see one."
y simple"I’m pretty sure that’s true, Tate got detention very early on."
ch "Naaaah. He just wants me, it’s alright [name], you don’t need to be jealous just cause usually you’re his type."
y blush2"Am I?"
ch "Besides, looks like you’re already taken."
q "She winks at the dog, multiple times in a very obvious manner."
al "I will not entertain that with more responses."
ch "So don’t be greedy, leave some men for the rest of us!"
y simple"I don’t even know how we got to this accusation."
y "Do what you must, I guess."
ch "Phew. Thanks."
ch "Again, this is SUPER secret. I only told a few dozen people, so you make sure nobody is on my trail, alright?"
ch "Especially Merina."
ch "She’s his ex."
al "So much unwanted drama."
ch "Ha! Of course there is! People need to put in the work to get to me, I’m not that easy."
ch "Especially because I have this situationship with Rose at the moment."
y confused"You do?"
ch "She doesn’t know yet."
ch "That’s another secret for you two."
al "At this rate we’ll find the secrets of the universe, life and everything."
ch "I’m surprised you don’t know yet, your house address is literally the answer, hah!"
al "Huh."
ch "Suspicious…"
ch "I’ll go before something weird happens."
ch "Toodaloo!"
y ec"Byee!"
y s"What did you think of her?"
al "A bit strange."
y confused"Really. Stranger than Bean?"
al "A little bit."
al "She seems like the type to do bad things on accident."
y pf"Can’t confirm nor deny that, but it would make sense."
y s"Are there any sandwiches with grapes in there?"
al "There’s one with kiwi and grapes."
y "Close enough."
q "The cold bread cools your palms as you unwrap the translucent plastic."
q "You never quite understood this desert, an inferior cake, you’d call it."
q "This time, your opinion might change for the better. The bread is soft and slightly moist from the sweet syrup. The fruit just tart enough to cut through the sweetness."
al "Hey, so… just curious-"
y simple"Yes, they’re very good, but they still don’t substitute meals."
al "Not that!"
al "Do you have a pair for tomorrow’s battles?"
y surprised"Oh. Uhmm, no. I’ve been with you for most of my time here