."
q "As if nothing was there in the first place, you find yourselves on the other side upon opening your eyes."
al "Wow. I wish I could cast spells like you."
y surprised"Huh? You can’t?"
al "That’s a story for another time."
y s"You’re right, let’s go before-"
I HAVE to get rid of this. It is nothing less than torture.
I feel like I have a forty degree fever while being drunk and high.
un eyeroll"Yeah yeah, you don’t have to explain it to me, I can feel it."
un simple"I’m so happy you’re going for it, but how exactly are you gonna achieve it?"
blur 20
y scream"{size=*3}MISTER OFFICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER!{/size}" with hpunch
al "What the heck are you doing?"
Y smug"I have a plan to get us out of here."
al "Are you not gonna tell me about it first?"
y "Why ruin the surprise?"
y bored"And trust me, you don’t wanna know."
po "What?! What is it? Someone injured?!"
po "I’m SO sorry! It’s all my fau-"
y "Calm down! I just wanted to ask something."
po "Oh, {i}*aghem*{/i}, make it quick, I have a show to wat- I mean, criminals to pursue."
y sadsmile"Can I make a call real quick?"
po "Okay."
y shoked2"Please! It would mea- huh? That’s it?"
po "Yeah?"
po "Everyone has a right to one phone call, now get your ass here."
y s"Well that was easy."
Y smug"And sure, I’ll get my ass to you alright."
y "Be back in about an hour."
al "Wait what?"
q "The police dog walks behind you, watching your every move cautiously, and flinching whenever you turn your head to look at him."
q "You take this small opportunity to sway your hips and brush his legs with your long, fluffy tail."
q "You managed to ease his fears, but also made him a bit uncomfortable."
y hurt3"Is this the room, maste- I mean, sir?"
po "Y-yeah, just over there, you’ll find a phone on the table, just use that."
q "He turns around and crosses his arms, trying to whistle but not very well, as if acting uninterested."
y "Just me? Alone in that room?"
po "Yup, surely you don’t need me for anything."
y lust"But what if I’m being bad while in there? Who’s gonna punish me?"
q "He rubs the back of his head while contemplating."
y "I might need some help finding the right spot, it’s my first time."
q "You say while taking small steps towards him."
po "I-it’s just on the table, as I said, easy to find."
y tired"What if I need help finishing-"
po "F-finishing?"
y smug"You know? The conversation that is."
Y "Or something else."
po "I’d like to help… but I don’t know if I really should."
q "You arrive just behind him, and dare touch his uniform, looking for any sign of resistance from him, guiding your hands down to his crotch."
q "But aside from indecision, he does not mind it one bit."
y smug"I heard you’re a really good boy, officer Goudboi, were they wrong to say that?"
po "No! No, you’re very right, I am a good boy."
q "You found a weak spot. At least one weaker than all the other spots."
q "His tail begins to look more and more like a helicopter blade."
po "It is my duty to help any citizen in need…"
po "Or heat-"
po "There surely is something about that in the protocol."
y simple"Yeah, surely, so come on."
q "The man’s excitement grows by the second when you grab his harness and drag him along."
q "The door is slammed behind you with a slam, and we’re left to wonder, just what is going on in that-"
y determined"You too, Scribbles!"
un surprised"Oh, right, coming!"
po "Who’s Scribbles?"
y hurt3"Shut up and rough me up."
po "Don’t gotta tell me twice."
blur 40
po "He begins to undress, taking off his harness."
y bored"Woah, woah, ain’t nobody got time for that."
y "I’m on a strict schedule, tick tock, time to fuck."
po "Oh, alright… a little roleplaying, at least?"
y simple"I-"
po "Pretty please? It will take just a sec."
y pf"Fine… this Lust is eating me from the inside but foreplay could be nice."
po "Fantastic!"
q "He excitedly walks towards a drawer and takes out a bottle of lubricant and a pair of pink, fluffy handcuffs."
y confused"Why do you have those here?"
q "You ask curiously, jumping on the table near him."
po "Me and my partner like to mess around on quiet nights, which is most nights in this town."
y pf"Partner as iiiin-"
po "Patrol partner. You don’t think a man of the law would cheat on his partner, do ya?"
y bored"I don’t know you."
po "Do YOU have a partner?"
y smug"Not that I know of."
po "Great! Then nobody will mind if I fill you up real good right here on this table."
y "I will be thankful for that."
po "Now be a good boy and raise your hands above your head, where I can see them."
y hurt3"Like this, officer?"
po "Perfect."
q "He locks the handcuffs just enough for your hands not to slip through, then throws the key behind him on the floor."
q "You try to playfully fight back and squirm, getting a little surprised that your efforts barely move him at all."
po "Don’t resist, keep calm and let me do my work. I promise we will both have a great time that way."
po "I’ll need to do a little inspection first, just to make sure you got nothing on you."
q "With that, he starts to unbutton your shirt, running his hands through your chest, belly and side fur."
y "Found anything you like?"
po "I sure did, your body is ridiculous, I could just caress you all night."
Under normal circumstances this would be amazing, but right now I need a quick dick, not a drooling himbo.
y "Too bad you need to perform an emergency cavity search, officer."
po "Oh, it’s not an emergency unless there is a threat involved."
y confused"I have a bomb in me?"
po "Don’t ever joke like that, not even in roleplays."
q "He seems pretty serious."
y simple"Sorry?"
y bored"Then can you shove your cock in my ass for no reason in particular?"
po "Now that is something I can do."
y surprised"Woah-"
q "Without missing a beat, his wandering hands grab your pants and yank them off, holding them like a handlebar tightly."
q "You didn’t even realize when he got the belt off. Underneath his goofiness are years of roleplaying experience, clearly."
q "And speaking of belts and pants, his are off as well, revealing a thick and veiny cock, pulsing with excitement and dripping precum on the base of your tail."
y hurt3"I guess this aggressive persona isn’t just for show."
po"The real show is about to begin, get yourself comfortable, babe."
y smug"I’m as comfortable as someone in handcuffs can be on top of a wooden table."
q "He grabs the bottle of lube and pours some on your hole and his cock, rubbing it all over."
q "Thankfully for you and your current special condition, it is all starting to go down as the man pushes the tip of his member inside you."
q "What would usually be pain from unprepared penetration, turns to instant relief."
q "That familiar feeling of fullness, that squishing sound of wet cock inside a much too tight hole, the smell of forming sweat and precum is almost too much to bear."
y lust"Aahh, YEEes Oooh~"
q "You roll your eyes in ecstasy with clenched teeth and loud moans."
po "I got that kind of reaction from you already?"
po "Man, you must’ve waited for this for a really long time."
y "Hmph~ You have no~ Ah- idea!"
q "The man thrusts inside you at different lengths and speeds, as if testing your reactions, grinning more each time."
q "Finally, he decides on a rhythm and sticks to it, slamming balls deep at a higher angle, since that seemed to get the most noise out of you."
po "You make the cutest and hottest sounds."
y hurt2"Ah Ah Ah! F-Faster! P- Aah- Please!"
po "Rrruff, how can I say no to that face? Buckle up."
po "Say, partner, ever heard of a mating press?"
y lust"Fuck yeah."
q "Before you can give any more insightful feedback on that question, he throws off your pants altogether and leans over you, pushing your legs as far back as he can."
q "With a powerful thrust, the man drives his cock into you harder than ever before, burying himself deep inside."
q "He then locks your legs in place with his weight, his hands draping around your waist for extra leverage."
q "Moans might be an understatement for these banshee screams your mouth produces, yet your top seems to enjoy them, or at least not pay much attention to them."
q "The table creaks and wobbles, the wall behind you looks like it’s getting backshots itself, the whole room became a breeding ground."
q "Fast, intense movement, with methodical precision, he grinds his hips back and forth, creating a sensual pressure that intensifies with every thrust."
q "The man growls in your ear, punctuating the rhythm of the rough slamming."
po "Are you enjoying this, buddy? You want it harder, slower, deeper? What do you want? I’ll do anything for you."
y lust"T-this Ah -Is P-perfeE-e-E-ect!"
y "Just don’t sto- Oh- stop!"
po "Roger that."
q "The mating press is an intimate, intense experience, and as the dog takes control, you're left to ride the wave of pleasure and pain that the position brings."
q"His dominance is on full display, as he drives into you, his expression a combination of lust and concentration, perfect to get all that Lust feeling out of you."
q "Along the way, three powerful orgasm have been stolen from you at different times, coating both your bellies in hot, sticky cum."
q "But even then, traces of the Lust Rush still remains."
I know what will get rid of it for sure…
po "I-I’m close, where do you-"
y "INSIDE! Cum inside me, p-please!"
q "As per your command, the next second you’re being filled with his seed."
q "One, two, three, ten pumps later and a lot of growls, the man let’s go of your shaking legs and collapses on top of you."
q "At last, with big sighs of relief from both of you, and a leaking hole later… you are fully satisfied."
blur 20
q "You reach out and pet the tired officer’s head."
y tired"Good boy."
q "His tail lightly wags and he smiles."
po "Sorry for the cream filling."
y smug"I like it this way, makes me warm inside, literally."
po "The bathroom is over there if you need it."
y simple"You’ll need to get up from me first."
po "Of course, apologies."
q "You gather up your clothes and walk over to the bathroom."
q "In the meantime, you hear the phone ring, and officer Goudboi takes care of it."
y hurt2"He had a big dick, but this is still an impossible amount of cum…"
un bored"We call that the porn logic."
y "Do I smell funny?"
un "Nah, just like a freshly bred slut."
un "So nothing outside of the usual."
y bored"Great…"
pass
po "Well, would you look at that!"
po "I just got a call from your vice leader at the academy! He just confirmed your identities."
y simple"…"
y angry"Are you fucking kidding me?"
po "I know, crazy, I was gonna let you go anyway, because of this huge favor."
y bored"I guess at least I got rid of my Lust..."
y pf"Alright, listen up, we walk out there and if my friend asks, I called Therium, our vice leader, got it?"
po "Crystal."
q "You walk out just behind the officer, and as he unlocks the cell, your jailed friend looks at you through squinted eyes, not surprised in the slightest by his sudden freedom."
po"Great news gentlemen!"
po "I was just contacted by your shard’s vice leader and confirmed your student titles."
po "You’re free to go."
al "…"
y awkward1"…"
al "Therium… huh?"
al "You called Therium, that’s what happened?"
y  awkward"... Yup."
y "That was the purpose of my visit in that room."
po "I can vouch for that."
al "He sure had a lot to say on the phone. Was pretty loud too."
y "That’s Therium for ya, can’t stop… moaning all the time, haha."
al "Uh-huh…"
y worried"Aaaanyway, thank you officer, we’ll get out of your fur now."
po "Have a great rest of your night!"
al "Gonna be hard to top it."
q "You walk awkwardly away out the door with the dog."
q "The silence is a bit suffocating, but you can tell your friend is not upset about the whole thing that he totally didn’t hear, just weirded out a tad."
q "You decide not to bring it up, just focus on walking."
po"Great news gentlemen!"
q "Too late, the guard walks into the room with a smile on and hands on his hips."
q "You can feel the eyes behind the shades lock into yours."
po "I was just contacted by your shard’s vice leader and confirmed your student titles."
al "…"
y simple"…"
y "Great?…"
y "Is that all?"
po "Yes, you are free to go."
po "I’m glad to know you are legitimate and hard working students of our country!"
al "Just go, go go go."
y awkward"T-thank you officer, we’ll be on our way then!"
po "Of course!"
po "Hmmm..."
po "Huh-"
po "Waaaait a second…"
y simple"{i}*gulp*{/i}"
q "The man squints his eyes behind the shades looking at the cell then at you two several times."
po "I gotta thank you for not using the bucket! It’s a hustle and a half to clean."
y awkward"N-no problem?"
q "Dragged along by the dog with hair strands looking like porcupine needles from the tension, you leave the small building that makes the precinct."
q "The grasp of his hand crushing your fingers."
al "Bad idea, bad idea, bad idea, bad idea, bad idea, bad idea."
y sadsmile"C-calm down. It worked out in the end."
y "Just breathe, breathe."
al "{i}*exhaaale*{/i}"
al "I’m fine. I’m totally fine."
y s"Therium, huh? He really saved our pelts."
al "Judging by the skills of that guard, he probably would’ve forgotten about us until morning."
y simple"I wonder how Therium knew we were in jail."
y pf"Are we that predictable?"
al "I’d like to think people don’t expect us to end up in a cell on a day to day basis."
al "So it’s pretty weird."
y s"Maybe Mr. Duke contacted him himself."
al "In the middle of the night?"
y sadsmile"Maybe he didn’t want to spend his whole night watching us."
al "He did seem a bit sleep deprived."
y smug"I bet the shades are to conceal his massive dark circles under the eyes."
al "Now… how do we get to that hotel again?"
y s"Would you look at that!"
y "We don’t even have to remember."
q "Thankfully, it seems that the police station is much closer to your original starting point that you thought."
q "This time, you both take a good look at the map, realizing the path to the hotel really isn’t all that difficult, as long as you keep your emotions and excitement in check, that is."
q "The empty, well illuminated streets are easy to navigate when you know where you’re going."
y smug"Are you sure you don’t wanna summon a Nightfallen to fly us there? Would be faster."
al "Oh shut up you."
al "I’m expecting you to teach me all these societal things I don’t know about."
y s"That would require me to be with you twenty four seven, haha."
al "{size=*0.5}So be it.{/size}"
y "What was that?"
al "W-we’re here! This must be the building, let’s go inside!"
y ec"I like the enthusiasm."
q "You walk inside the well illuminated foyer. The bright colors, modern architecture, lack of windows and bright light immediately makes you question if it is still dark outside, or if you time traveled upon passing the threshold."
q "The dog leaves your side as you try to take all of the interior in, and quickly makes his way to the front desk."
q "There, a young looking woman is waiting for you with a smile."
q "There is something weird about the atmosphere, you think."
q "From the sweet flowery scent seemingly coming from the walls themselves, to the soft music playing in the background like in a dating sim, and the artificial friendliness you’re greeted with."
de "Good evening, and welcome to {b}Hotel Ogavirt{/b}, where dreams intertwine and passion ignites, how may I help you tonight?"
al "Hi, we’re looking to get a… uhmm, some rooms."
al "How much for a night?"
de "One room would be fifty per night."
al "{size=*0.5}More than my previous hotel…{/size}"
al "Could we get two?"
de "One for each of you?"
q "She seems confused."
al "Yeah?"
de "I’m afraid we only give rooms to two or more people. If you’d like separate rooms it will cost an additional charge."
al "I can’t really afford that…"
y pf"And I just realized my wallet is in my luggage…"
al "We’ll just take one room then, please."
de "Very well, may I have your names?"
al "Uhmm, Alvy Arufar."
y s"[name] [name2]."
de "Alright, your room- oh."
de "Did you say [name] [name2]?"
y simple"Yeah?"
de "From the academy?"
y "The very same, why?"
de "Somebody dropped a package for you earlier, they asked to keep an eye out for you."
y shoked"What in the-"
de "Here you go!"
q "The woman takes out two bags from under the table and places them In front of you."
y "My stuff!"
y worried"Wha- Who- How did it get here?"
al "Who brought it?"
de "They didn’t give me a name, sorry."
y shoked"What did they look like?"
de "Pretty tall, probably a man, wearing a dark cloak. That’s all I can remember."
y pf"Were they… wearing a mask?"
de "Yeah! I believe so, under the hood, I got a glimpse of a beak I think, weird choice of wardrobe, but I’ve seen people wearing sunglasses at two in the morning and crop tops in winter, so I’m not surprised."
q "Both you and the dog seem surprised by that revelation, but neither of you give an explanation."
y awkward"A-alright thanks for the stuff! And hey! Would you look at that! Now that I have my wallet back, I can pay for my own room!"
y "We can switch from a double room to two single rooms, right?"
de "Of course! There is however a cancellation fee of about eighty-"
y bored"Never mind."
y "Come on, let’s check the room."
q "The dog quickly grabs a pamphlet from the desk before following you up the stairs."
y bored"Cancellation fees are stupid."
al "I learned about them last month and I’m pretty upset too."
un suspicious"Hmmm."
Are you as concerned as I am, Scribbles?
un "Yeah… Why are people paying so much for overnight shelter, when the rooms are empty anyway!?"
Not about THAT! The cloaked thing had my stuff!
un bored"You don’t know it was {i}it{/i}."
People around here have interesting fashion choices, but they are all unique enough to tell me there is nobody else fitting that description.
You can’t possibly not be concerned AT ALL!
un"Wanna watch me not give a fuck? It’s gonna be a boring watch, because I don’t give a fuck."
un simple"Instead, how about you tell me more about this scam of a business?"
{i}*sigh*{/i}
Am I really overreacting or am I getting gaslit…?
The idea of a hotel is literally just rooms you ‘borrow’ for when you travel and need a temporary place to stay.
There isn’t much to it.
Yes, it’s expensive, but this seems like a high quality hotel, so yeah.
un curious"I heard there are a lot of ‘homeless’ people around, why can’t they just take up these rooms?"
I don’t think there are homeless people In Lakonia, but there sure are in Arcanvale as a whole, and, well… it’s a business, not a charity. I don’t know, capitalism, I guess.
un "Fascinating. As cruel as I am, your world proves to be just as cruel as it always has been."
Wouldn’t say I disagree, nor that I’m proud of it.
q "By the time our conversation ends, you and the dog reach your room and open the door."
q "The first thing you notice is once again the smell, different, less pungent but it has a calming effect, and all it took was a whiff."
y ec"Finally! We can relax."
y pf"Let’s seeee~"
y pf"Large single bed, bit of a bummer, but check. Heart shaped pillow, check. Bouquet of flowers, check. Condoms and lube, che- yeah, this is a love hotel, isn’t it?"
al "That and more, it seems."
q "Your friend, soon possible lover, still has his snout glued to the pamphlet he picked up."
al "It says it connects a couple’s dreams… using exotic incense from {b}Iglia{b}."
al "I didn't know Iglia exports anything that's not food."
un pride"Pff, dream drugs, much less potent than my magic. Never worked on me."
y simple"Huh. I’m surprised it’s so far away from the redlight district."
al "They probably wanted to be close to the hospital. Many people don’t trust imported goods in this country."
y "Yeah…"
y "Do we… stay here? Is that alright with you?"
al "Yeah… is that alright with you?"
y awkward"Sure, I mean, I don’t mind."
al "Cool."
y awkward"Cool."
q "Two bumbling idiots can barely hold their lips to themselves, even with a cartoonishly amount of blush on both their faces, and awkward tension created, they still refuse to make the first move."
That’s called a narrator’s bias and it’s illegal! At least in my mind.
y "I’ll go take a shower!"
q "You exclaim suddenly, locking yourself in the bathroom before the dog can say anything."
y scream"I’m such a mess."
y bored"I wouldn't even blame a Lust Rush if it came right now… I deserve it."
y "Maybe a cold and hot shower will shock me to my senses."
un simple"While you do that, I’ll test my new abilities."
y shoked"New abilities?!"
y "What kind of abilities?"
un "I’ve been able to move around your body and see and hear things of my own, but I’m not sure how far I can go."
y simple"That was fast."
y "Should I be concerned you’ll soon take over or something?"
un bored"Nah."
y s"Aight."
…
un simple"Let’s seeeee-"
al "Hm, he really wants that shower."
al "Didn’t even ask me to join him."
cr "~~~"
al "Not like THAT! Just to wash his back. Geez, since when did you become a pervert?"
un simple"I can float through this room just fine…"
un "Interesting."
un bored"Now what the hell is this loser talking about?"
cr "~~~...~~."
al "Can’t live in a hotel forever? Hah, watch me."
cr "~~~~"
al "You’re right, I’m not happy."
al "But it’s not like I want to do this… you know that."
cr "~~?"
al "Still better than a dorm, where anyone knows where I sleep, and have neighbors and communal areas."
cr "..."
al "I know, I know. Not better than a house."
al "I’m still thinking about that."
cr "~~~~!"
al "No I haven’t decided! I met him today!"
cr "~~~…"
al "Just because he didn’t do it yet, doesn’t mean he never will."
cr "~~~… ~~~~."
al "He did save you... that's true."
cr "~~~~?"
al "I don't..."
pass
al "Aghhh… who am I kidding? You’re absolutely right."
al "He’s the nicest person I've ever met besides my aunt."
al "And the only one that’s not creepy…"
al "That was before I knew how alike we are."
al "Still a weirdo, but so am I."
cr "~~~~~~?"
al "I will still separate the beds, yes."
al "I can never be too sure or too careful."
al "Greed is our species’ biggest enemy."
un suspicious"…"
un "Huh."
un sidee"Where have I heard that before?"
un "Oh, I feel him scrubbing the hell out of his fur, should go back."
un squint"I swear he’ll lose most of his fur by forty at this rate."
y naked"Hey, you’re back. How was your experiment?"
un "The dog's just talking to his Nightfallen over there, didn't pay much attention to his words."
un simple"But these abilities seems to work well. Almost too well… but that’s great!"
un bored"Also, I think you should care more about me, just saying."
y nakedsmug"Oh? Getting jealous?"
un ang"No!"
un "I’m being serious! A whole ass demon is flexing his new found powers inside you and you barely even care!"
un "This is for your own good, you know?"
y nakedconfused"How is it for my own good?"
un eyeroll"Uhmm, obviously it’s…"
un "If I’m powerful enough you can summon me faster and finish our deal."
y nakedbored"Aren’t I the one who’s supposed to get more powerful to do that?"
un sidee"It… it works both ways to some extent, kinda."
y nakedangry"See?! You’re being such a little liar!"
un ang"I’m not little! A-and not a liar!"
y nakedbored"Semi-liar."
y "Same thing."
y nakedangry"You’re obviously hiding stuff from me, all the time! Your past, the Lust Rushes, our deal and much more! So if you don’t have the decency to tell me everything, even while using my body, then excuse me, but I’ll continue to mostly mind my own business."
y "Now, I believe there is someone on the other side of the door who doesn’t mind being honest with me."
un ang"But he’s not even-"
y nakedbored"I don’t wanna hear it."
un surprised"…"
un bored"Fine."
un "I’ll just go back to narrating, if that’s how it is."
y "No…"
un simple"Huh?"
y nakedsad"I’d like to continue experiencing your narrations but… maybe pause them, until morning, at least."
un sad"…"
un "A-alright."
un "I'll just stay back and watch..."
un surprised"What the-"
un "He-"
un "He locked me out?"
un "No."
un sad"He locked me in…"
I walk out from the shower with a large, soft towel around my waist and another one on my head.
Alvy is sitting quietly at the edge of the bed, overlooking the window, before he turns towards me.
His eyes can’t decide whether they should look at my half naked body or not, so he’s barely stealing glances.
y nakedec"I’m all done, your turn, but check it out!"
y nakedsmug"These towels are huge and soft and most importantly free."
y "And these are also free~"
I grab my waist towel and drop it down with one swift move.
al "Ah!"
y nakedsurprised"What?"
y nakedec"They also gave us free branded underwear! Isn’t this nice? You got a pair in there too."
al "Should’ve warned me… I thought you were gonna flash me."
y nakedsimple"You… didn’t look away though."
al "I- I was just stunned. I’m going to go shower now."
y "Do yo-"
al "No! I don’t need help!"
y nakedpf"I was gonna ask if you really need to take the backpack with you… but alright."
y naked"Heh, I’m glad he seems a little more moody, that’s a sign of healing."
y nakedsmug"Maybe he’s just a natural brat. Although if I want one of those I could just hang out with Tate."
y nakedsimple"Isn’t that right Scri- oh, right."
y naked"Anyway, what do we have here?"
I notice the beds are separated first and foremost.
y nakedpf"Who uses double mattresses to make a single couple’s bed?"
The condoms, lube and flower petals have also disappeared into one of the drawers.
y nakedsimple"Not like I had anything in mind that includes those, but alright."
y "I think I’ll just lay down and wait for him then. I think I’ll also sleep in my underwear tonight. It’s still very warm."
y "Besides, I don’t see a second blanket and I don’t wanna make things awkward anyway."
Soon, I hear the door creak open and a surprised dog’s face appears.
al "Oh, s-sorry, I thought you’d be dressed by now, I’ll leave for a mo-"
y nakedss"No that’s fine. I’m going to sleep like this."
y "Are you not?"
Looking him up and down discreetly I notice that he is indeed wearing the complementary underwear, just like me.
al "I was thinking about it. I suppose it would be rude to let you be the only one."
al "And they are pretty comfortable."
y nakedec"Right?"
Y "And we match!"
Y nakedawkward"Not like that’s important for any reason, haha."
y naked"Anyway, do you mind if we keep the window open? I like fresh air."
al "Alright, but I’m taking the bed that's further away."
y nakedec"Deal!"
blur 20
At last, I can plug my phone to charge by the nightstand.
It takes a minute for it to turn on, time filled by Alvy’s squirming in bed, as well as the sound of his backpack moving around.
I can tell he’s not very used to sleeping without pajamas or some other nightly robe.
And of course, he’s going to clutch that thing like a stuffed toy.
His awkwardness is cute, even if I don’t dare stare at him too much. I can tell he’s more comfortable around me, although he seems a bit upset at himself for growing such an attachment.
I look over as the screen opens up at full brightness. 1:30 AM. Time for some shut eye.
al "Hey, [name]?"
y nakedsimple"Yeah?"
al "You remember what this hotel is for, right?"
y "Of course, but it’s not like we chose it on purpose."
al "Well, yes, but do you think we should take advantage of it nonetheless? I mean… we did pay extra."
y nakedblush2"I-."
y "I mean… it would be a waste, and we do have everything we need right here, but-"
y nakedblush"I’m kind of tired and out of stamina."
al "What? You don’t need stamina for it."
y nakedblush"Oh! Sorry, I thought I’d be the one on top, but I’m not complaining."
He turns around and looks at me with utter confusion.
al "On top of what? I’m talking about sharing dreams."
y nakedblush3"OF COURSE! I-I knew that! I was just joking."
His confusion slowly turns into realization then a blush… fuck.
Why am I like this?
At least I didn’t accidentally trigger a Lust Rush…
y nakedawkward"But I think it’s a good idea, haha, dreams sure are fun."
y nakedss"Mine can be a bit weird, just a warning."
al "Same for me. What makes yours weird?"
y "My dreams are mostly dark, with only a few people appearing in them occasionally."
al "Real people?"
y nakedsimple"Uhmm, sure? And Nightfallen sometimes."
al "I see."
al "That’s good to know."
y "Really?"
y "What about you?"
al "…"
y "Alvy?"
al "{i}*light snore*{/i}"
I turn around and see my friend’s chest moving rhythmically and slowly, with gentle breaths barely being heard.
He seems peaceful.
y nakedbored"Are you avoiding my question or are you really that exhausted?"
al "…"
y nakedsmug"Hehe, this is a great time to snoop through his backpack."
al "…"
y nakedsimple"Huh, he really is asleep."
y nakedss"Good night… and sweet dreams, new friend."
It’s my turn to practice this temporary death cycle we mortals like to do each night.
So many people would kill to be able to place their heads on a pillow and just start dreaming. I’m not sure if it’s the sweet scent of the love hotel, Alvy’s soothing presence or my own exhaustion, but I end up doing just that.
Suddenly, a familiar darkness takes over.
y bored"Yup, judging by my high amounts of energy, lack of air in my lungs and the unusual light weight on my shoulder, this is a dream."
y simple"But what kind of dream?"
y shoked"Could I possibly be in Alvy’s mind?"
y simple"Huh. He’s not thinking of much."
y "Dark… empty mind."
y pf"Smooooth brain, no ridges or lumps, or valleys or bumps, all ideas slide right off, like a water sli-"
un bored"Would you turn around already?"
y shoked"Ah!"
y "Scribbles!"
y simple"You’re here."
un "Yeah, the only place I could be, since, you know, you kind of locked me here."
y "I did that?"
un "Kind of rude but whatever."
y sad"I’m sorry…"
un curious"You’re sorry? Why? You were right about everything."
un "I know you so well because of-"
un sidee"Your mind, I guess. Except for the parts you’re guarding."
un sad"But I am not allowed to tell you anything about me."
y confused"Not allowed?"
y sadsmile"You know what, it doesn’t matter."
y "I don’t know the rules of demons and I shouldn’t pry."
y "And shouldn’t have been so upset at you in the first place."
y sad"I was just overthinking."
y "I’m upset that for the first time, I get to help someone in need instead of the other way around, and I feel like I’m blowing it…"