."
al "Do you think we have to fight?"
y simple"I don’t think so. School hasn’t even started, hell, we aren’t even officially admitted yet, until the test is done."
al "That’s a relief."
y "You don’t want to fight?"
al "No way, why would I?"
y "To… show off I guess, but now I realize you definitely don’t care about that."
al "I’ll do it with you if you really want to, I’m not against the idea."
y s"That’s okay, I’m not very experienced anyway. It will be a world of pain and nothing else."
ha "Am I interrupting something here?"
al "How? How? How do we never see them coming?"
y sadsmile"N-no, other than our lunch."
y "Uhm, Haima, right?"
ha "Ughh, great, you know who I am, what do you want?"
y "Nothing much really, was just going to ask what you’re doing here, same question you were probably about to ask."
ha "Oh."
ha "Right, you’re recommended students, aren’t you? I think I remember your faces."
q "They say rubbing their temples in annoyance that they didn’t realize sooner."
ha "Didn’t know it’s your place."
al "Are you also here for the {i}‘secret’{/i} exit?"
ha "Yeah… I’m probably the person using it the most."
ha "Hope you don’t mind that I trimmed the grass and bushes around."
y surprised"So that’s why the garden looks more kept than the interior."
ha "I’m just trying to get away from the academy for a while without anyone tailing me."
ha "Too many people want stuff from me and I can’t deal with that right now."
al "I know the feeling…"
al "Not that I’m so important, but sometimes I need peace and quiet too."
ha "Since you’re recommended you must’ve been bothered by my colleagues more than enough."
al "I’ve been in this town for a while, so yeah… quite a lot."
y simple"Why? What do you have to win with us?"
ha "Eh. A bunch of money for us leaders and vice leaders, and benefits for the Shard as a whole."
ha "It’s a good deal, but I don’t have the energy to pester you about it."
ha "Plus, all of you come here with a Shard already in mind, and basically no way for us to change those plans, so why bother?"
q "They seem calmer while talking to you, although still apathetic, at a glance."
q "The intriguing, dark, cursed arm covered in bandages lays at their side lightly shaking, as they hold on to the scrunched up sleeve with the one good arm."
al "Want to sit down for a while?"
q "They seem very surprised. You think it’s a bit odd the shy dog that doesn’t like company muttered those words unprompted, but even so, your reaction wasn’t as heavy as theirs."
q "He tries to weigh their fruit preferences with squinted eyes for a moment, before settling on one and handing it to them with an inviting gesture."
q "You join in quickly and throw the pillow from your chair on the porch."
al "You might want to stay here for a minute at least, one of your colleagues just passed through here."
ha "Was it… Merina?"
y bored"Chelsie."
ha "Hmgh… Alright, I could take a little snack break."
q "They sit down awkwardly, unwrapping the plastic slowly with one hand."
q "You let the dog do the talking for once. He seems curious about someone who is as interested in talking to new people as he is, which is not at all."
q "But that somehow cancels it out."
ha "So you two live together here or something?"
al "It’s my aunt’s house, or was…"
al "We just finished cleaning most of it."
ha "A whole house to yourself sounds better than a dorm room, even if it’s the size of a penthouse."
al "I don’t think I could survive in a dorm."
al "Do students have… roommates?"
ha "Only those that want to. Most of them are single rooms."
al "At least you have that."
ha "Hah. Just because I’m alone in a room doesn’t mean there aren’t eyes on me twenty-four seven."
al "W-why? Is someone watching us?"
ha "Not you. Just me."
ha "I’m under curse watch."
ha "They have to make sure I don’t go crazy and destroy the town."
y surprised"You can do that?"
ha "Yeah, and that’s the only reason I accept being treated like this. I admit, it’s a bit terrifying to even think about."
ha "You don’t seem as alarmed as you should be."
al "I don’t believe you’d hurt someone intentionally."
ha "Heh, why not? Do I not look the part?"
al "You’re not weird enough in my eyes."
y s"Oooh, that’s a big compliment."
q "Once again they look at the dog with wide eyes before regaining posture and changing the subject."
ha "Thanks… so, anyway-"
ha "Going into my little place in the forest through this hole in the wall is the time I’m truly alone."
ha "Passing through the barrier makes me untraceable for a little while."
al "I’m never truly alone either. Well, now I don’t really want to be, since [name] got here."
y blush"Awww."
al "Aside from students wanting me in their shard, there are also my overbearing parents."
ha "I’m dealing with a Harpy Hare myself, how do you manage them?"
al "By… running away?"
ha "Huh."
ha "Metal."
q "They reach out with their regular hand to fist bump the dog."
q "Your worries come out for just a moment. You sigh in relief that you taught him how to fist bump, or there would be another microphone incident."
ha "Thanks for the treat. I reckon Chelsie must be far enough away to not bother me."
ha "And thanks for… not having any problems for me to solve, I guess. You’re neat."
al "Thanks for sharing your story, and for taking care of my garden."
y ec"See ya around."
ha "Good luck on tomorrow’s battles."
q "Although you still can’t quite make out what creature they are, one detail is clear- they can’t stop their tail from wagging as they walk away faster and faster in embarrassment."
q "You watch the dog wave goodbye fondly, even after the leader’s figure is no more."
y s"You were very talkative there. I’m proud of you."
al "They reminded me of myself too much."
y "A lot of people share things in common with you if you try to get to know them."
al "Really? What do you think I share with our vice leader?"
y smug"Therium? Come on, you both love Nightfallen more than anyone."
al "How would you know?"
q "You said that statement confidently, but now that you think about it… how DO you know? Do you even know? No… it’s just a hunch, it’s gotta be."
y simple"I mean, it would make sense, he’s the Summoner’s vice leader, and since there’s no leader yet, he’s gotta be at the top, right?"
al "I guess… What do you think we have in common?"
y s"We’re both introverts."
al "You? You look like you could wrap anyone around your finger. You must be messing with me."
y smug"I’m not! Here’s a second thing we have in common, we both came to the academy virgins! Ha, There!"
y blush"As much as I wish guys would kneel at my feet I’m not that confident."
q "The dog looks away uncomfortably as you talk."
y awkward"Sorry… too lewd?"
al "What? N-no, not that…"
al "I believe you now, really."
al "It’s just… I’m not really a virgin."
y shoked2"OH!"
y surprised"You… you did the- but your parents! Do they know?"
al "Yeah, it was their idea after all. There’s no way I’d ever get someone on our property without them knowing."
y simple"…"
y "Wait."
y confused"Didn’t you say you never met anyone outside of your family, except for-"
y surprised"...your music teacher…"
al "Well…"
y bored"That’s it, I’m murdering your grooming teacher."
q "You express holding an imaginary shotgun."
al "IT’S NOT THAT EITHER!"
al "It wasn’t him. I loved him, as a friend, but I guess I lied a little to you before."
y surprised"Impossible!"
al "There is someone else I met with, someone my parents approved of."
y simple"But did YOU approve of?"
al "…"
al "It’s not like I had a catalog of people to choose from."
al "B-but it was consensual at the time, if that’s what you’re worried about!"
q "He exclaims panicked as you cock the nonexistent firearm."
al "I just grew to regret it more and more as the real world unveiled around me."
al "I’m also regretting it… because of you."
q "You take a sip of soda slowly, trying to understand what you did wrong, but then it hits you-"
y hurt2"{i}*Cough Cough* *Cough*{/i}"
And I choke like an idiot.
q "And he chokes like an idiot."
y awkward"I-I see…"
q "The worries for his well being go down, but the butterflies in your stomach go wild."
q "And not just the metaphorical ones…"
pause 1.5
Y shoked2"AH!"
y sadsmile"Therium! H-hello."
q "For the first time, your friend actually sensed the new arrival coming, and his mood didn’t quite improve."
th "Hello, [name], you."
th "Hope I didn’t arrive at a bad time."
th "Is everything alright?"
q "A feeling of dread sets in your heart, just moments after it almost exploded from excitement… and the horse knows it."
y "Y-yeah, of course, I mean, you’re not necessarily here at a bad time, you’re not interrupting anything, that is, what’s up?"
al "How did you know where to find us…?"
q "There’s someone asking the real questions."
q "But he lets out a soft smirk, without leaving your eyes and shows his phone’s screen."
th "Chelsie sent your location in the group chat."
al "Great, I suppose everyone else knows where we are now too…"
y pf"God damn it Chelsie."
th "That was perfect for me, since I realized neither of you got your lunch and dinner cards."
th "Which isn’t the end of the world, there’s time for that, but then there are your dorm keys as well…"
y surprised"Oh right, I completely forgot about my dorm."
th "I see you’re probably not even going to need these, but it’s better to have them anyway."
y ec"Of course, the tenants we’ll lease the dorms to will surely need them, haha."
th "That is highly illegal."
y awkward"I-I know, just a joke, sorry."
th "You might want to focus on continuing to grow, that is your purpose here after all, isn’t it?"
th "Not useless romance, or partying, to name a few things."
y ec"Of course! That’s what we’re here for, at an academy, to learn, got it."
al "The school year hasn’t even started yet."
th "If you’re driven only by grades you’re better off {b}dead{/b} and {b}replaced{/b}!"
q "The horse’s loss of composure takes both of you by surprise."
th "I mean, the academy is not responsible for what happens to you, you heard the headmaster."
th "In any case, congratulations on the auditions. It does look like you’re at the very least growing, even if not by a lot."
th "Being the only students that summoned anything is certainly worthy of the recommended student title."
th "I’m happy for you, and THEY are pleased too."
y simple"Thanks? Uhmm, who are ‘they’ exactly?"
th "Sorry, shouldn’t have said that, slip of tongue."
th "Suppose I’m just so happy about our new member doing great."
th "Member{b}s{/b}."
q "His gritted teeth say otherwise, that wasn’t a slip out of happiness..."
th "I’ll leave you to it then."
th "Try not to go too wild, living together like this."
th "It’s not just your body after all...{w=1.5}{nw}"
pause 1.0
y "I-"
q "And just like that, he disappears as quickly as he appeared."
q "As for your friend-"
y bored"I know what you’ll say, weird man, agai-"
q "He gets up and quickly runs back behind the house, holding his hand to the mouth."
y surprised"Hey! You alright?!"
al "Y-yeah, I’m okay. But I think I’ll stop my lunch here…"
y simple"I sure hope so, after four sandwiches."
y sadsmile"Did Therium make you nervous because he’s a figure of authority?"
al "Sure, among other things."
y simple"So many people showing up uninvited."
y "Does this bother you?"
al "Honestly?"
al "I thought it would… but with you here, not really."
al "Well, until our last visitor..."
al "But now that I have confirmation you’ll stay- I’m trying my best to ignore my displeasures."
al "At least I’m not scared about the thought of everyone knowing my location anymore."
y pf"I have to talk with Chelsie about respecting people’s privacy…"
al "I doubt you’ll be the first one to do so."
y "Yeah, some things are untrainable."
al "Like a storm..."
al "Still, I’d rather go somewhere else, if that’s okay with you."
y s"I’d love to."
y "We could go watch a movie."
al "Umm…"
y "Or the arcade! I love those retro ticket games."
al "Don’t you need to pay for those?"
y "With quarters, it’s basically nothing."
al "I don’t want to rely on you to pay for me."
y confused"You… don’t have some quarters?"
al "I’m all out."
y simple"Straight up bankrupt?!"
al "Yes… turns out the real world is much more expensive than I envisioned."
al "A single grand didn’t last long."
al "But that’s alright! I have the food card and my house is free, so it’s alright."
y worried"It’s not alright. A house comes with bills."
y "You’re gonna have to buy crystals for power unless you don’t need light or electricity for whatever reason."
y simple"Not to mention heating and water. Houses here come with internet bills too, unlike dorms."
y "If you don’t pay you might need to move to your dorm."
al "I… had no idea."
y "I could help with that since I’m staying here too, but besides that, having some pocket money to spend is essential for someone your age."
al "You’re saying these things, but do you have some kind of solution?"
y "I do have one, not sure how much you’ll like it."
al "I’ll do almost anything."
y smug"You neeeeed-"
y ec"A Summer Job!"
al "…"
al "It’s Autumn."
y bored"Alright, an Autumn part time job then, whatever."
al "I’ve never had a job before. I don’t even know how you’re supposed to get one."
y sad"{i}*sigh*{/i} I’m probably stressing you out for no reason right now."
y simple"We need to focus on not getting expelled first and foremost. Money problem can be solved after the test."
y s"For now, why don’t we go for a walk in the park or something?"
al "Sure, it will be a great time to think about the new problems you just shoved in my brain."
y "I’ll make it up to you with an ice cream treat."
al "Fantastic compromise!"
al "Let’s go then."
y worried"Wait… more cream for you… I might’ve made a mistake."
al "Too late to back down now, you’ll disappoint me otherwise."
y smug"Just hold my hand and start walking, you happy ray of sunshine."
q "Of course this dog is happy when he gets to indulge in activities which otherwise would be taboo in his household, with a person who would bring disgrace upon his family’s name."
Hey! I’m not that bad!
un simple"Course not, but a snobbish rich noble family wouldn’t appreciate your middle class ass on their thousand dollar chairs."
un sidee"That’s alright, they don’t matter, it’s just you and me- and the dog… that matter."
Thank you… that means something.
un "Don’t worry about it."
un "...Anyway."
q "The two of you stroll down a winding path shaded by old trees just a sharp turn away from the house. Hands intertwined as you walk side by side, swaying away in whimsical delight."
q "The sun is bright and in full view, casting warm light that seeps through the leaves, creating a soft, dappled glow along your path."
q "Your steps fall into a quiet, easy rhythm, and you share small smiles, glancing at each other with shy affection."
q "Neither of you are quite sure where that promised sweet treat can be found, but you’re satisfied with the sweetness of the dog’s childish excitement."
q "At a little pond, you both pause, watching ducks glide lazily across the water as a gentle breeze ripples the surface."
q "You give the dog's hand a gentle squeeze and nod toward a pair of birds drifting close together, as if they’re in their own quiet dance."
q "You laugh softly, seeing a bit of yourself and him in the simple harmony of those birds."
q "For a moment, he looks at you and brushes his thumb gently over your knuckles, a small gesture filled with warmth."
q "The path opens back up to the urban town. You let out a soft sigh as the reassuring clamor of people hits your ears."
q "You certainly loved the little quiet time you just had together, but it was starting to get too intimate for the current relationship status."
al "Pretty sure we’re away from any residential areas. All of these are shops, restaurants and establishments."
y smug"Yeah yeah, I get your hint, surely one of them sells ice cream."
al "Please, if I truly thought you forgot about our deal, I would just remind you straight up. You look like a man of your word."
y simple"Now where do we-"
q "The dog’s ears spring up suddenly."
al "Do you hear something?"
y surprised"Huh?"
st "P-please, you have to, {i}*sniff sniff*{/i} my life is on the l-line, I beg you, I’ll do any-"
st "Hello?"
st "Moris are you there?!"
q "To your twentieth surprise of the day, your partner drags you along towards the moans, without much thinking."
alv alvy"Hi, is everything alright?"
st "H-hi, well, I wish I could say yes but I have a huge problem…"
un sidee"A feeling of dread envelopes me… for some reason."
st "Rush hour is coming closer at the Cafe I work at and my boss needs me, but I CAN’T GO!"
st "My only colleague who can take my shift has {i}‘Pneumonia’{/i}, like that’s a real thing…"
y simple"Uhmm, sure."
st "And I have tickets for the big Magic Duels, all the way in the city."
st "They cost an arm and a leg… I can’t just NOT GO!"
st "But if I don’t go right now I’ll miss it, since the teleporters close early today, specifically because of the game."
y "Can’t you just call in sick?"
st "I already made the mistake of asking my boss if I can take off... You know? Like a lame {b}honest{/b} person, so now he knows..."
y ec"Well, we tried, see ya."
q "Your arm gets grabbed with great force."
alv alvy"Will you pay us?"
st "Huh?"
y shoked2"Huh?"
alv alvy"If we take your place, will we be paid?"
y surprised"What the-"
st "YES! Yes absolutely, double my shift’s worth, a-and you can keep all the tips, that’s where the big kicker is anyway."
st "Will you really do that for me?"
y pf"{size=*0.6}Dude! We don’t have experience in whatever this guy’s job is!{/size}"
alv alvy"Hmm, good point."
alv "What is your job and how do we do it?"
st "Extremely easy, actually!"
st "You are going to be waiters, except it’s even easier than that, especially for someone like you two. Petite, curvy and good looking,"
alv alvyec"See?"
y pf"What do you mean by that?"
un squint"Something’s fishy around here..."
st "You’ll just have to bring out food and drinks – and if you spill some don’t even worry, some people like that."
y simple"Ok?"
st "Then just look cute and wear these special maid uniform-"
un ang "HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD!" with hpunch
un "I KNEW IT! I KNEW I SHOULD’VE NUKED THIS TOWN WHEN I HAD THE CHANCE, THIS FUCKING FAG-"
pause 2.0
pause 3.5
un bored"…" with longdissolve
un "Well. This happened."
un "I feel humiliated, and used."
un "I was an object of desire in a foreign body."
un "I know what you’re thinking, dear reader…"
un cry"{i}'Your host and his totally platonic friend in maid costumes satisfying customers for money? Thank you for sparing us the horror.'{/i}"
un pride"You’re welcome, my memory might be stained, but yours will remain pure."
un simple"Still, I understand the curiosity eats away at raw flesh nonetheless, like a trainwreck, so beautifully tragic, you just have to know."
un "Here is the resume:"
un suspicious"They were greeted by an evil boss with a devilish grin, half their size, but if I am any indicator, size doesn’t matter… in being despicably evil, that is."
un sidee"They wore their uniforms with too little shame, and started pleasuring their customers, with food and drink, sweet words, lies and obscene gestures."
un pride"I would never lift up my host’s skirt to take a look at his new panties, let that be on the record."
un simple"The story does have some twists. The man drooling the most over these two new hires turned out to be a certain shapeshifting tiger."
un squint"That pervert..."
un sidee"[name] seemed to be flattered by the way he acted throughout his shift… that little whor- no. He’s a victim. Just like me."
un simple"The tiger is an avid frequenter of the establishment, he was just in the right spot and the right time, so at least he’s not a stalker."
un bored"At least they got their money’s worth. The shift money, even doubled, wasn’t amazing, but the tips… let’s just say the dog didn’t work his ass off for nothing… literally."
un simple"Will you ever experience what I experienced? See what I saw? I sure hope not."
un sidee"But there is always the chance…"
un "Sometimes, things happen more than once..."
un bored"I hope they got home by the time I finish monologuing."
un "I’m going to let him off the hook for making me wear this in his mind as well, just because I pity him."
un sad"Them both…"
un bored"Scrib Scrib- out."
al "Look at all this cash…"
y bored"Stop waving them around, you’re just asking to be robbed."
al "I have friends to help me if that were the case."
y "Summoning is illegal, you’ll go to jail again."
al "I meant you! Are you not gonna help me?"
y pf"I wouldn’t have to if you put the money away…"
al "Alright…"
al "What did you think?"
y simple"About the whole experience?"
y smug"I should be asking you!"
y "That was basically my element, I was obviously thriving."
al "So you WERE bending over on purpose! I knew it."
y blushmad"W-well you spilled your water on that man twice!"
al "It was an accident! I never carried that much with one hand. I swear I didn’t know he had a humiliation kink."
y simple"Goodness."
al "What was your friend’s name again? The tiger guy?"
y "Aiden?"
al "Yeah, he took a lot of pictures up your skirt."
y awkward"Oh, a-and you’re telling me just now? That’s sooo embarrassing, shame on him-"
al "Are you done?"
y pf"Ok I let him."
y s"But-"
y "It was for the sake of money."
al "Then why did you give me your share?"
y blush"Because I lo- like, I like you, and I don’t need it as much as you do."
al "…"
al "That’s nice of you."
al "I wouldn’t accept, under normal circumstances-"
y smug"But I spooked you with worries?"
al "Kinda…"
y s"But seriously now."
y "You did enjoy it, didn’t you?"
al "I felt cute, and wanted, it was nice."
al "Don’t think I’d do it again, unless my wallet was under once more."
y sadsmile"For someone so shy, wasn’t it… a little embarrassing at times?"
al "It definitely was. But I feel like it’s more embarrassing for the people that enter the Cafe specifically for us."
y laugh"That’s true."
al "And it gave me kind of a… a rush."
al "An adrenaline rush, the whole day."
al "It was also nice of the Big Boss to make that pie for us."
y confused"Stop calling him that."
al "But what if he hears us? Better safe than sorry."
y s"Hah, it wouldn’t surprise me."
y "No wonder that guy was so scared of missing a day."
al "But now I. Am. Exhausted."
y determined"Hey! That’s my line!"
al "Aren’t you more muscular than me? You should have more energy."
un bored"Wow. That is not a sentence I thought I’d ever hear."
y pf"I wasn’t physically or mentally prepared to take on a real job, so it sure had a toll on me."
y sadsmile"Do you mind if I draw a bath first?"
y "My fur needs a long time to dry without a fur drier. The house was probably built before those were even a thing."
al "Go ahead, we cleaned the bed, but I still need to actually make it."
al "I’ll try to be fast."
y ec"Don’t worry about it, take your time."
q "You walk in opposite directions for now. After choosing some clean clothes, which look the exact same as your current clothes, you find the bathroom you so quickly and nicely cleaned earlier, all by yourself."
y smug"Yes Scribbles, thank you again for your help."
un pride"{size=*0.5}yu wecm...{/size}{w=1.0}{nw}"
q "Unfortunately the oh so helpful demon wasn’t able to fix the door with the amount of magic it was given, so you’ll have to make do."
y s"Eh, it’s fine. This isn’t a public bathroom, nor are we high school kids to pull pranks on each other."
un curious"Surely he won’t take a peek through the hole."
y surprised"Alvy would never, neither would I, in fact."
un tease"Ha, bullshit. You’re the type to get in someone else’s shower and masturbate less than a meter away."
y angry"What? No! I would never."
un simple"Maybe some alcohol would influence that thought."
y bored"I’m not a drinker."
un curious"Not even if the most attractive guy in town offered you a glass?"
y "Maybe, but still, I can control myself… unless it’s a lust rush."
un eyeroll"If you say so."
y simple"I wonder if Alvy bought-"
y ec"Yup! We’re having a bubble bath tonight!"
un bored"The sun isn’t even set."
y pf"Shush, I’m supposed to relax after a stressful day, not argue."
q "The hot water quickly fills the bathtub and the bubble making solution rapidly works its wonders."
q "You check once again that the door is fully closed, before starting to undress."
q "One by one, each article of clothing is placed on the hook nearby."
q "You take your sweet time with every movement, delighted by the thought of warm water enveloping you, with the setting sun in your eyes and surrounded by green, lively plants."
q "You caress your soft, long fur, checking for rogue lumps, but the only lumps you settle on are made of fat. Yes, you are very satisfied with your body, checking every angle like a peacock ready for mating."
q "But even narcissism has its limits, and you finally step into the water."
q "Oop, never mind, you’re just testing the water and realize it’s too hot…"
un bored"Pussy."
y nakedbored"You feel the temperature too! Do you want to get boiled alive?"
q "You pour in some more cold water and do a second test."
q "At last, your relaxation can begin."
q "You sink slowly into the warm bath, the water lapping around you like a gentle embrace, softening every tense muscle as you settle in."
q "The light scent of lavender drifts up from the bubbles, mingling with the faint warmth of steam that curls softly in the air."
q "Your fur floats lazily around you, warmed and softened by the bath, and as you close your eyes, you feel the water cradle you, supporting you in perfect stillness."
q "You stretch out, feeling the weight of the day melt away, each gentle ripple against your skin easing you further into tranquility."
q "For a while, you simply lie there, enjoying the silence, the warmth, the calm—drifting into a world where nothing exists except this peaceful, comforting moment."
q "Breathing deeply, you let go of every worry, every stray thought, allowing yourself to be completely at peace, wrapped in the soft cocoon of the water."
q "A happy tune escapes your muzzle, as you can’t help but break in song along with the birds outside."
un simple"Your voice isn’t even that bad actually, might want to try and train it in the future."
y naked"The overabundance of compliments from you lately is a real treat, Scribbles. Not to sound ungrateful, but what gives?"
un simple"..."
un sidee"I’m just telling the truth, I guess."
un "Trying not to lie just to avoid accidentally saying something nice is not always worth the effort."
y nakedss"I’m glad the truth is so positive then. I know there are many bad things about me as well."
un simple"..."
un blush"It’s your turn…"
y nakedsimple"What?"
un sidee"Say something nice about me."
y "Oh, uhmm."
y naked"Your powers are very useful, you’re a great mage."
un bored"So… you like the things I do for you, not me."
y nakedsurprised"No! No, wait, that’s not all, of course."
y nakedsimple"I…"

--- CHOICES ---
→ I also think…
→ I like your voice.
→ You’re a great narrator.
→ You’re very tolerant.
→ You’re wiser than I gave you credit for.
→ You’re fun to talk to.
→ You’re my first friend in a long while.
→ You made my nights better ever since you invaded my dreams.
→ And only one came by today as well, I call that a win!
→ Meanwhile…
→ Back to you…
→ My demon friend, cloacked in shadow and blood, sits on the ground defeated...
→ !
→ Seriously? You’re waking me up just to not let me help?
→ I need sleep you doofus! You can’t just keep me awake.
→ What does that even imply?
→ Will it stop your bleeding?
→ In the middle of the night? What time is it?
→ One AM…
→ If you’re saying this has nothing to do with helping you then my answer is-
→ Hell to the no.
→ Promise that it’s not just a trick to not let me in the dream, because I also promise I’m leaving you alone when I go back to sleep.
→ I’m going to respect your boundaries even if it worries me.
→ Seriously? That sounds… awesome!
→ Hope I don’t have to do anything illegal.
→ How come this is the first I’m hearing of it?
→ That’s all I needed to hear. I dress myself quietly to not wake Alvy and walk out of the room.
→ Scribbles? Where to now?
→ …
→ Scrib?
→ A shiver runs down my spine as I hear a low, soft voice behind us, almost like a whisper cutting through the air.
→ Slowly, we both turn around, and there they are- tall, cloaked in shadows. The hollow, dark eyes of the mask seem to gaze right through m- no, not me, Alvy... unreadable and haunting.
→ The long, dark cloak drapes over their form, making them seem more shadow than person, as if woven from the darkness itself.
→ They stand silently, observing, or perhaps waiting for something, and in that quiet moment, it feels as though the whole world stands still. Every instinct in me says to run, yet something in their presence holds me in place, compelling me to stay.
→ So Alvy actually liked the alleged demon inside his dreams… just like me.
→ Should I have been more truthful with him?
→ Sure wish I had a second opinion inside my head right about now.
→ A cold, furless hand drops the short chain of the medallion into my palm.
→ I swear I felt a wink behind the mask.
→ {i}In the dream world:{/i}
→ Scribbles was nowhere to be seen on the walk home either.
→ Whatever he’s up to, I’m not going to find out now either, since it seems this dream is already morphing just like last night.
--- END CHOICES ---

...
aal "Prodigy?... PRODIGY?"
aal"I don’t care how {i}‘talented’{/i} you think he is, or how much money this career makes, he’s going to stay far away from these obsessed, perverted savages."
aun "Please listen to me. You can’t keep him caged like this forever."
aun "He has so much potential, far greater than even mine."
aal "Well that’s not something to boast about."
aal "And it’s not forever, only until he’s old enough to marry, Richard will be a worthy husband for him."
aun "More like a worthy investment…"
aal "ENOUGH!"
aal "One more word out of you and you can say goodbye to these, ‘special commissions’