
--- CHOICES ---
→ Looks like you already completed day 1 of Alvy's route, jump to day 2?
→ Yes.
→ No.
→ What just happened to me…?
→ Did I… ever say I don’t?
→ I mean I don’t, but I didn’t say it, did I?
→ Can’t be so simple minded if I can resist mind control.
→ Cope harder.
→ If you’re offering-
→ That’s one way to put it.
--- END CHOICES ---

co "It’s also a bit awkward to talk like this… uhmm, could you please put me down?"
t "No chance! I can’t risk losing you!"
co "I’m not going anywhere."
t "That’s what they ALL say."
co"What?"
y simple"Why are you holding Dallan, Rose?"
y "Is he preventing your escape too?"
r "Mister Aiden asked if I can protect people well enough to be a defender."
r "I won’t let anyone or anything harm my leader, to prove myself."
d "She’s strong! And I feel so safe!"
d "There was no need for a demonstration, but if this was an audition, she’d pass with full points!"
d "But thank you for the suggestion, Aiden!"
a "You’re welcome. It certainly wasn’t a meager attempt at getting her into my Shard..."
d "Oh right!"
d "[name]! They’re joining our shards!"
T "Isn’t that so cool?!"
y smug"Yeah, I figured that on my own, believe it or not."
t "Merina will be so happy I caught him!"
co "Please bring me to her..."
d "Chelsie will be over the moon as well!"
a "*Cough cough*."
A "[name], great news, you get to join my Shard now by process of elimination. It’s the last and only option, after all."
t "Hey! Scamming people is my domain!"
a "Shut up!"
d "There is also the summoning shard."
y sadsmile"That’s the one I’m joining, actually, sorry Aiden."
a "Damn it…"
New genius idea!
y ec"Hey, if you want a recommended student for the Slayers, you could help me find Alvy! Maybe he’ll join you, even if I have a feeling he chose one already as well, there is always a chance."
coalandrose "And we could help as well!"
q"The two kidnapped victims speak excitedly."
r "We were looking for him anyway and-"
a "Screw that."
a "I don’t care about him, or anyone else… I just wanted-"
a "Just-"
a "Agh, never mind."
a "Let’s go, we gotta take care of that Witch Trial…"
y simple"The what?"
a "Stupid defenders and their high horses…"
a "Whose idea was it to get horses in this fucking building anyway?"
co"Oh, that sounds terrible! Well, you know, if you would let us go, we could still help find-"
d "Let’s go sign you up right now!"
t "Yeah! No delay!"
d "The Witch Trial can wait!"
a "SOMEONE COULD DIE YOU IDIOTS!"
t "It will only take a minute!"
co "{size=*0.5}How are you so strong?!{/size}"
y simple"Bye…"
y "Guess we’re not getting any help, huh."
y pf"Back to wandering the hallways."
un surprised"Found him!"
y surprised"Seriously? How?!"
un bored"While you were having the dumbest conversation of your life-"
y bored"Not true."
un eyeroll"Oh yeah, what am I saying, every conversation you’re ever in is a whole circus."
y angry"CAN YOU GET TO THE POINT?!"
un sidee"Oh, oops, making fun of you is just so easy and fun, can’t help it."
un simple"As I was saying, I’ve been slowly concentrating my soul on extending my senses’ reach from your body, without consuming any magic from you."
un "And I found him! Just outside the academy’s grounds."
y simple"Is that some kind of new ability?"
y "I thought you can only feel what I feel and see what I see."
un sidee"I’m… not sure, could be, I’ll keep you updated."
y "Alright."
y s"Well what are we waiting for? Take me to him!"
y s"What changed, by the way?"
y "Aside from what you just explained."
un simple"He’s been concealing his presence with some kind of spell, but not anymore."
un "His presence was simply revealed to me all of a sudden."
un suspicious"Like he got teleported in a specific spot."
y surprised"So he does have magic! That means he’s very likely to join the summoner’s shard as well."
y smug"And a spell not even you can get through?"
y "I wonder how powerful he is."
un "Hey, I could get through it-"
un ang"IF YOU COULD SURVIVE AN ATTEMPT LIKE THAT!"
un suspicious"Manaless bitch."
y bored"Always my fault, why do I even bother asking?"
un bored"Do you deny it?"
y "No comment."
un "Then I rest my case."
q "You walk out of the academy and into the courtyard, relieved to have finished conversing with the demon."
q "You like talking, you like getting to know different people and expressing yourself, but sometimes, it’s nice to slowly walk through a large, empty courtyard."
q "With bushes of flowers still in full bloom and shadows of large trees eclipsing the scorching sun."
q "The singing of birds doesn't stop even when you get to the residential building of the town."
q "If not for the demon’s instructions, you might even lay on one of the many public benches and take an afternoon nap."
y s"Very tempting indeed, but my new dog friend needs me!"
q "Anyone hearing his preposterous words can tell that the dog does absolutely, and without a doubt, not need him in any way."
q "But this dilemma is not one to truly lose sleep over, as the only person hearing him: is the one guiding him."
q "Soon, the houses grow more tightly packed together and the streets narrow down, your guiding arrow stopping in front of a dark alleyway."
y simple"Are… you sure this is the place?"
un "Pretty sure, just up ahead."
y "Doesn’t seem like the sort of place anyone would deliberately stay in."
un "Unless the mysterious figure from earlier caught him, chopped him up and threw him in the dumpster over there."
y pf"Don’t say stuff like that…"
un ang"Then what’s the holdup? Go further in!"
q "Swallowing your anxiety, you advance, opening each trashcan just to be sure."
al "{size=*0.7}What the hell is their problem?{/size}"
y surprised"{size=*0.4}A voice!{/size}"
al "Talk about an overreaction."
al "For a second I thought mom must’ve hired them… but who hires twenty hitmen at once?"
al "That’s just overkill."
q "It seems like you’re not the only one talking to yourself. That reassures you a bit, but you still need to get his attention in a subtle manner."
y ec"{size=*2}HEY!{/size}"
al "{size=*2}!!!{/size}"
un bored"Or… just do that."
y sadsmile"I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you."
q "The dog is still sitting down behind the dumpster, eyes wide and ears high, slightly trembling."
q "His layered clothes look more rugged and dirty than the first time you met him."
al "It’s… you."
al "{i}*sigh*{/i} Did you see me coming here or do you just like dumpsters?"
Y "Can’t say I’m particularly a fan, but I did see you head this way…"
y "You’re not going to run away or disappear again, are you?"
al "Fortunately for you, I’m too tired to run."
y s"Mind if I-"
q "You point to the ground beside him."
al "Sure, if you like the smell of rotten fruit on your clothes."
al "I’m pretty sure we’re behind a convenience store, they throw away a lot of bananas."
y "As long as there are no rats I don’t see a problem."
q "You scooch over as close as you can until his uncomfortable face comes out."
q "Neither of you dare sit on the moist ground itself, but you do lean against the mossy brick wall."
y simple"So..."
y "What happened?"
y "If you don’t mind me asking."
al "I don’t know what you mean."
y bored"Oh come on. We met just over an hour ago, and now you are-"
y simple"-surrounded by rotten bananas."
y pf"And tomatoes."
y "Ew."
al "{i}*sigh*.{/i}"
al "I was trying to find the Summoners’ meeting room, wandering through the hallways."
al "I just wanted to get my lunch card…"
y simple"Lunch and dinner."
al "Yeah."
al "There was nobody around to ask about it… besides you."
q "You cringe while staying silent."
al "That went the way it did then I continued my search."
al "I made the mistake of entering the Defender’s ‘headquarters’ to ask around."
al "It was the only place still full of people."
al "Long story short, they organized a ‘witch hunt’ with me at the center."
y surprised"A witch... OH! I heard about that!"
y sad"So you were the unlucky victim there."
q "He blushes with embarrassment and hides his face away."
al "So it’s not much of a secret then."
al "Everyone must know by now."
y surprised"No no! I promise, most people don’t."
y s"I’m just friends with their leader."
q "He exhales relieved."
y "Did he get there before they did anything?"
al "No, haven’t seen him, but they almost threw me out a window."
y surprised"Oh my God."
al "Thankfully the Sorcerer’s leader stopped them."
al "She couldn’t convince them to let me go, but she scared them enough that I managed to escape."
al "And that’s how I got here, I picked a random direction and ran."
al "Sorry, I don’t really want to talk more about it."
y sadsmile"I understand. I’m sorry that happened, but I’m glad you’re alright."
y "Or somewhat… alright."
al "It’s fine, the irony of it all makes it funny."
al "They’re the most ‘noble’ Shard yet they’re the most prone to committing atrocities for the smallest of things."
al "Breaking a single rule wins you broken bones."
y "Hah, yeah, compared to Dallan they sound awful."
q "You notice his back is slightly straighter and his eyes lack the thousand yard stare he previously had."
q "That makes you hopeful."
y s"Well then-"
q "You sit up stretching high and moving your tail frantically with a smile on your face, before offering the dog your paw."
y "I think we started off on the wrong foot, in any case."
y ec"My name is [name], nice to formally meet you."
q "Your unusually happy state did rub off on him, and against all odds, he accepts your paw."
al "Alvy."
y s"I like it, is it short for anything?"
al "N-no. Just Alvy."
q "You walk towards the edge of the alleyway, barely listening to his response."
q "A single step away around the corner stands a large vending machine, filled with drinks: fizzy, refreshing, hot or cold, the choices are many."
y s"I couldn’t help but notice you’re holding in your panting-"
un "That’s something weird to keep track of."
q "And the dog seems to think the same, by his reaction."
y "So you must be thirsty, what’s your favorite? My treat."
q "He sheepishly walks out of the darkness, looking around as he does so."
al "Umm."
al "There sure are a lot of kinds."
al "Is there anything… watermelon flavored?"
y pf"Let’s see, hmmmm."
y s"Ah, this one, Fruit Fisting?"
y simple"Even the drinks are dirty here."
q "You put some money in the slot and punch the number for his drink, then choose a soda for yourself."
q "Two bottles drop with a thud."
y ec"Lime soda, my favorite, the sourness makes it more refreshing."
q "The whole time, the dog was watching your movements very closely, something odd for his shy personality, but he catches your eyes on him and looks away."
y s"Did you want another one?"
al "No, sorry… I just never used one of these, but always wanted stuff from them. I’m just curious how they work."
y surprised"You’ve never used a vending machine?"
q "He shakes his head."
q "You hand him the drink then happily explain the basis of the exchange."
y s"Almost none of the machines are the same, so you might need to fiddle with the buttons until you find how each of them work."
y "Most of them will also have written instructions too."
al "I see."
y "Look! There are seats in front of the store, certainly better than by the dumpster."
q "He seems reluctant to follow you."
y sadsmile"What’s wrong? There isn’t anyone around anyway, it’s fine."
al "Still, I look... like a vagabond."
al "Even if one person sees me it’s still embarrassing."
al "I need to go change."
Oh no, we’re losing him.
Scribbles, do you think you could do the thing you did to me earlier?
un "Viciously mock him?"
Clean him!
un "I could try, if you think you have so much magic to spare."
Anything to win his trust.
y s"Actually, I can clean you up if you want."
al "What’s in it for you?"
y smug"Winning some affection points from you, nothing more, nothing less."
al "Suspicious."
al "But alright, it seems like the best choice I have at the moment, do I have to… take them off?"
y awkward"No no! I’ll just do this!"
q "You make a weird gesture in front of him and wiggle your fingers around, but nothing happens."
Something better happen if the narrator doesn’t want to lose his job.
q "Would you look at that, something does begin to happen."
q "His body is enveloped by a wind current for only a moment, fluffing up his fur coat and clothes, leaving them clean and patched up."
q "And what’s that? Your own body suddenly loses the dumpster odor and sweat stains, and all it took was a little mana."
un "You’re welcome."
al "Huh, that was…"
al "Quite incredible."
q "He checks himself out, his jacket, his pants, his tail but especially his backpack."
al "Even the holes are gone."
al "Is that the type of magic you specialize in?"
y tired"C-cleaning magic…?"
y "No, I’m just good at supporting from afar."
al "Are you okay?"
y "Y-yeah, I just used a lot of magic today and want to vomit, almost like SOMEONE is pulling magic right out of me all day, haha."
un eyeroll"Not my fault you can’t handle some simple spells."
q "Finally, with the new look and a sign of concern for you, he walks with you to the seat."
q "You sip your drinks in silence, watching the pigeons circle you, looking for crumbs."
y sadsmile"Not today buddies, we don’t have any-"
q "Before you finish, the dog opens his backpack and takes out the hardened crust of a sandwich."
q "He breaks it apart easily and throws small pieces to the birds, before handing you a larger piece as well."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Feed the birds.
→ Huh? Why?
→ Eat it.
→ Why are you saying that?
→ Refuse the offering.
--- END CHOICES ---

Y simple"So..."
Y pf"About earlier…"
y awkward"You might be wondering why I was talking to myself, haha, funny story-"
al "Don’t worry, I try not to judge people for being weird."
al "Everyone is, after all."
al "Besides..."
al "You must’ve heard me before as well."
y surprised"Oh, so you knew I was there."
y "I didn’t think you did, since-"
al "I didn’t start screaming at the top of my lungs like a maniac?"
y angry"Hey! At least I didn’t start running away scared!"
al "I wasn’t scared!"
al "I was just…"
al "Embarrassed."
y simple"Why?"
al "I’ve been avoiding the other two recommended students for some time, for no good reason really."
al "And I thought you’re with them. After running away so much, it felt too awkward to talk to you."
y bored"So running away further is somehow less awkward?"
al "I don’t know why I do some of the things I do."
al "I suppose I’m just as weird as everyone, if in a different way."
al "I too sometimes seem to talk to myself."
al "The real reason might be even weirder than other people."
q"He seems hesitant to continue."
y "Come ooon, do you really think I, of all people, will judge your weirdness."
q"He chuckles."
al "I… talk to my gems sometimes."
al "Even if they’re not summoned, I just like the way they gleam when I tell them how much they mean to me. It’s like they understand me, or at least hear me."
un bored"Yeah, it’s pretty weird."
y angry"Shut up, it’s not."
al "Huh?"
y awkward"I mean, it’s not weird at all! At least I don’t think so."
y "I can relate, to some extent."
He gets excited, his tail wagging.
al "Do you talk to them too? What kind of Nightfallen do you have?"
Y pf"Oh I… I can’t say."
Y "Sorry."
al "Is it one of those? You know…"
y confused"Umm, those…?"
al "{size=*0.4}The ones for sex?{/size}"
Y blush2"Oh! No no no, he- they… they’re normal."
y simpleblush"I think."
Y "Just you know, you’re not really supposed to say what you use."
al "Of course! I’m sorry, I got too excited."
al "The secret is an extra layer of protection over your gems."
al "I don’t usually like sharing mine either."
al "I’m glad you think the same."
al "Does that mean you’re joining the summoners as well?"
y ec"I am! Already signed up, in fact."
y s"But I forgot to ask about a lunch card as you mentioned."
y "Maybe we could go get them together later."
q"He seems to be studying you, while keeping a neutral expression on, clutching his backpack tightly, like you’re about to snatch it at any moment."
q"He has a very calm demeanor to him, a soft smile now plastered on his face, as you both open up to each other."
y simple"You don’t really like this place, do you?"
q "Your question not only causes surprise, but scares him greatly, prompting excuses to pour out with a  jolt."
al "No! I do! I really do!"
al "I love this place a lot, I promise."
al "The academy, the town."
al "I’m just not great with people."
y sadsmile"Can’t really blame you. Almost getting defenestrated is an acceptable reason to avoid them."
al "That and… all the other people who’ve been tailing me."
y simple"Like who?"
al "Well, the other recommended students, the Summoner’s vice leader, this weird looking hooded cat…"
y s"Tate? Oh he’s harmless, I hope."
y "And the others must have good reasons for wanting to meet you."
al "I know, I know. I’m just being unreasonable. But I can’t shake off the feeling."
al "Needless to say I’m not very eager to meet more people."
I should consider myself lucky then. I only met wonderful people that like me, even if some of them are indeed… peculiar.
y "About Rose and Coal, I met them not long ago, though they’re a bit busy at the moment."
Y simple"Why are you avoiding them of all people?"
al "They just seem weird."
y smug"Weirder than me?"
al "No, but apparently I can’t hide from you, so it’s better to talk it out."
q "He says half jokingly."
Scribbles, I’ve decided, we need to make him like me!
un surprised"What? We’re not done here yet? What happened to a simple apology?"
Plans changed! I can’t have someone who thinks so ill of me run around the campus!
un simple"Then let’s kill him."
un "Easy solution."
No.
I also want to be around him to ease his anxiety, he clearly has some unsolved problems.
un squint"Oh GOD FUCKING DAMN IT, NOOOOO! You like him too…"
I-I can’t deny some fleeting feelings-
un "KILL ME GOD!"
BUT THEY’RE MOSTLY PLATONIC I SWEAR!
un bored"I need to distract myself before I go crazy-"
un surprised"By narrating!"
q"Sip after sip your cans become empty. He fidgets with it gently in his hand while you slowly crush it into a small, aluminum pile of senselessness."
q "You were never good with combating awkward silence or continuing conversations, and the only reason it’s been going so well is because of your guilt and pity, but even those reserves are running out."
q "Unfortunately for you, he decides to cut the tension first."
al "Thanks for the drink."
al "Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll go… somewhere else."
y ec"Wait, where do you wanna go? Mind if I tag along?"
al "I-it’s fine... I am already gone."
q "He looks into your eyes with determination until he notices your confusion."
y s"…"
al "Basically disappeared already."
y simple"…"
al "It might be hard to follow me this time…"
y "…"
y "Ok…"
y ec"Anyway, so, where we going? I could go literally aaaanywhere."
al "{size=*0.4}How come it doesn’t work?{/size}"
q "Something was clearly supposed to happen. He was either waiting for divine intervention or a knight in shining armor, but it never came."
al "Fine..."
al "You can come too."
y ec"Much obliged! Where to?"
al "Uhmm, I’m not exactly sure where I’m going."
al "Somewhere quiet I suppose."
y s"How about my dorm? I still need to check that one out."
un bored"Smooth."
al "I’d... rather stay away from dorms."
al "It must be pretty filled with first years and other students."
al "That’s why the academy was so quiet most of the day."
y s"How about we explore the city then?"
q "He cringes at the thought."
y simple"Lots of locals… so maybe not. Got it."
y "I... am kind of out of ideas already."
y "It’s literally my first day here so I don’t know what this place has to offer yet."
y sadsmile"Honestly, It’s hard to believe this town can get rowdy enough to scare a newcomer."
al "Mostly at night, or around the marketplace."
al "The locals are also overly friendly, not that it’s a bad thing, just not my style."
y simple"How do you know all that?"
al "I... got to experience everything first hand. Have been here for some time."
y surprised"Oh! So you’re not so new."
al "Suppose not."
al "It’s just the academy I haven’t explored much, or anything that’s not the town."
y s"Then why don’t we go outside then? Explore a little?"
al "Out… side?"
y "You know, the barrier!"
al "No... no no no, I can’t."
y sadsmile"Is it because of the Nightfallen?"
al "Yes! Yeah, them, of course."
al "The administration doesn’t want first years to go out on their own anyway."
y smug"Hey, I walked over a mile through the woods all alone to the academy and I was fine."
al "Did you not take the... main gate?"
y simple"You can get a car all the way to the gate?"
al "Yeah?"
al "Or the teleporter?"
y "…"
al "Or the freely assigned hunters for all first years?"
y pf"no…"
al "I heard they let you keep any gems from Nightfallen you might encounter on the way."
y cry2"I DIDN’T KNOW!"
al "You’re brave for walking through this forest in particular, it’s crawling with Nightfallen."
al "Have you ever met one?"
y simple"I never killed a Nightfallen myself, in fact, I doubt I met any face to face before… unless you count the ones with scribbled faces…"
al "What?"
y awkward"Nothing!"
al "I didn’t mean kill… just in general."
y s"Oh, yeah, suppose I did."
y "You?"
al "I do own my own live Nightfallen."
y awkward"Of course how else would you have them? Heh."
y ec"So you must’ve killed a bunch too! No wonder you were recommended."
q"Your question seems to sadden him."
y sadsmile"Uh-uhmm... I mean-"
y awkward"Spontaneous Topic Change! Let’s move away from the town, but not exit the barrier, how about it?"
Y "Haha! Good idea right?"
al "I think saying {i}‘Spontaneous Topic Change’{/i} is a little on the nose."
y bored"Answer the question."
q"He thinks for a moment, gazing towards the near empty streets and rubbing the back of his fluffy head."
al "Fine."
y ec"Nice!"
y "Lakonia is a very popular tourist attraction, so there must be plenty of places to spend time and explore."
y s"Do you happen to have a map? I forgot to download one and there is no internet."
al "I don’t have a phone right now, sorry."
al "I lost it some time ago."
y smug"Eh, how hard can it be to find a nice place outside the walls, right?"
y "One that is still inside the barrier."
y s"Come on!"
al "W-waait!"
q"You hastily take his hand and run down the street, wary of prying eyes from the few people on the streets."
q "Not having to worry about cars hitting you gives you confidence to hurry the pace towards the main gate."
q "Alvy doesn’t protest much, aside from his out of breath panting, causing you to slow and tone down your excitement."
q "This gesture made you realize you’re either stronger than you look, or he’s simply much weaker."
un "Like it’s possible to out-twink you."
q "The final and most plausible theory is that he’s probably more tired than you realized from today’s events."
q "You shoot him a sweet, apologetic look and wait until he’s in line with you to continue."
q "Now hand in hand and side by side, he feels safe enough to squeeze your hand back."
un "Kill me with a fucking shovel."
Cheer up, you might like where we’re going too, since you’ve been trapped in that place so long.
Experience new and modern things!
un"I’d like to experience some hookers and cocaine…"
Not that kind of modern...
Th "Where are you going, little kitty?"
th "You have some guts to ignore me again after… everything."
th "But I shouldn’t be surprised, just like every other time."
th "Well, except for when you were given no other choice."
th "Rest assured I’m not letting you put your filthy paws on him."
Come on, lighten up, it’s not like you were ever an important choice.
th "That is doing the exact opposite of 'lightening me up'."
All these sayings are so hard to grasp, but modern speech is fun.
th "Forget about that."
th "We should all be concerned about his mental capacity to fulfill his duties."
Why’s that?
th "He just keeps forgetting about his own luggage. There must be something seriously wrong with him."
th "Most of the things he owns are inside that thing."
That just proves he’s not as materialistic as some other people. Much easier to make him attached to people.
You should know.
th "He sure is attatched to that dog's ass."
But if he does remember about it, you know who he’ll have to meet to get them back.
And we don’t want that.
th "But I don’t want to meet with him either."
You don’t want to meet with anyone ever.
th "Can you blame me? All people are snakes."
We can’t make a deal with a snake and cut off its head.
Patience, my dear.
th "Are you saying father will let me have my revenge when we’re done?"
You don’t even know if that lion is guilty.
th "No matter what, he has something to do with his disappearance, and I’ll find out what."
Good luck with that, vigilante. For now, what’s our leopard up to?
th "Holding hands with mister Plan B."
Aww, look, they’re already on a date, just like you two were on the first day.
th "…"
I’ll go pay them a little visit upclose.
q"As the high walls of the academy’s town disappear behind you, the dog shows faint signs of worry."
y "Something wrong?"
al "I was just thinking."
al "You don’t think we’ll be forced to kill Nighfallen, do you?"
al "Earlier you said something…"
y pf"Oh, uhmm, I don’t think so."
y simple"I am somewhat familiar with the overall curriculum here, I tried to find information about this place online since I was in high school."
y s"So no, I doubt they will force us, summoners, to do so."
y "Maybe if we were slayers, or sorcerers."
al "That’s a relief."
q "You find his questions and worries odd, should a doctor be a doctor if they’re afraid of blood? Maybe you’re just overthinking it."
q"As you walk further into the forest along the road, the dog raises his ears."
al "Do you hear that?"
y smug"The birds? The wind? Our footsteps?"
al "No, running water."
y surprised"A body of water so close to the academy? Never saw it advertised anywhere."
q "Indeed, soon, behind some bushes and following a man-made path you find a crystal clear lazy river."
y "I think it’s falling into a little waterfall further down too!"
al "Let’s see where it ends!"
q "This time, he’s the one taking the lead, excited to climb down the waterfall’s edge."
q "Like a spark lit up his tail, he’s wagging it while running, taking him off balance."
al "Ah!" with hpunch
y surprised"!"
q "The next moment, he disappears from your sight."
q "Thankfully, you notice that the water is only falling a few feet into the basin below, so the dog’s free-fall doesn’t worry you too much."
y worried"Are you alright?"
q"You jump down as well and extend your hand for help."
al "Yeah, thanks, I took one step too many."
y smug"I could see that much. Running water really gets you going, huh?"
al "I’ve always wanted to see a waterfall, even if it’s a small one like this, it’s still beautiful."
y "You could say size doesn’t matter, as long as it’s doing its purpose, huh?"
al "Is that a pop culture reference or something?"
un "Nope, just a porn infested mind reference."
y pf"Nevermind."
y simple"Now that I think about it, I’ve never seen one in person either."
y "Strange, I have clear memories of a big and loud one in the forest, hmm."
al "Hey, look!"
q "Looking behind, the scenery is certainly more impressive than a two meter high falling body of water."
q "Said water flows into a wide, shallow river, with fish clearly visible swimming unbothered underneath the surface."
q"The place around looks well maintained. No litter to be seen, the grass all around is trimmed and some trees are cut down, only stumps remained."
q"A beautiful dock is built on top of the water, and large stone-marked paths go into the forest nearby."
q"Nevertheless, a natural barrier of large boulders, trees and bushes make this sanctuary feel more secluded than usual."
al "It looks like a very undisturbed place, even with these man-made constructions."
al "Even the fish don’t care about our shadows or voices."
y surprised"As if people haven’t been around here in a long time."
al "Or very few know it exists."
q "You give each other a glance and crack smiles, knowing you quite literally just found the exact kind of place you’ve been searching."
y smug"Say, you’re not afraid of water, are you?"
al "I thought that was more of a cat thing."
y bored"Wooooow, you did not!"
al "W-what? Am I wrong?"
y angry"Yes! Very wrong, thank you very much! As a representative of the felines, I can safely say most of us LOVE water!"
al "I haven’t met many people outside my family, sorry."
y smug"Then watch and learn how a cat does it."
q "You walk confidently on the wooden dock, take off your shoes, fold up your pants and sit down with your feet over the edge."
y screamblush"See? I’m total-MREOWbrrr!"
q "A quick and pitiful meow escapes your lips as your pawpads touch the unusually cold water, but you power through anyway."
al "Is dipping your feet into the water supposed to prove anything?"
y blushmad"Hey! It’s REALLY cold! I’m not about to jump in. You try and see how it is."
q "As if expecting that request, he clutches his backpack tightly and takes off his shoes as well, then sits beside you."
q "As his feet touch the cold water, he does not, in fact, moan like a bitch, as other individuals did before him."
al "..."
al "You’re right, it’s nice."
q "No attempt at mocking, or arguing, his reaction seems genuine and calming."
q"Each passing second your feet get more and more accustomed to the cold, and now, you can actually enjoy the wet feeling."
How about you, Scribbles?
un surprised"Huh?"
How do you feel about the water?
un simple"Oh, me, didn’t expect the sudden question, hmm-"
un sidee"I’m kind of neutral about it. I used to like water, but having fur makes it a little weird."
un simple"Why are you asking?"
I’m just trying to provide nice new experiences for my best friend, no other reason!
:3
un suspicious"What the fuck is that? I don’t speak bottom."
q "Your conversation with the demon and the silent hangout with the dog gets interrupted by the rustle of leaves close by."
y simple"Uhmm, we didn’t pass the barrier by accident, did we?"
al "No, I’m quite sure of it."
y worried"In that case we’re about to meet something much, much worse than a Nightfallen