. We’ll be there in just a few dozen steps."
y s"And nobody can see or interact with us here?"
al "A saving grace for me, really."
y "I can see why."
q "Step by step, the hill folds beneath you, distance collapsing until the climb is over. The air grows thinner at the crest, the quiet pressing deeper into your ears."
q "At the top stands a lone tree, its branches stretched like dark veins against the pale sky."
Q "Suddenly, your ears pop and the colors reappear. You didn’t even realize it, but the sound of distant birds, the wind and grass swaying are no longer silent."
y sadsmile"I didn’t let go! I swear!"
al "You didn’t have to. He stops his ability whenever he wants."
y simple"Oh."
Q "The dog turns towards the grand openness, with his back to the city, and takes a deep breath with a smile."
al "I always wanted to come here and relax, but I was too afraid someone would spot me."
y "You’ve never been here before? I thought you’re taking me to some secret spot you’ve found with the help of wild Nightfallen friends on your first day or something."
y smug"And just between us, the hilltop right outside the Academy walls isn’t really that unique of a spot."
al "Then why aren’t there dozens of people here right now?"
y "Because the hill looks like it would take the breath out of you if you don’t use magic to cheat."
al "Because it’s quiet and beautiful, but also boring for town people."
al "Why hang out with the vast expanse of the city, and the forests, and the… the ocean… gosh it’s breathtaking."
al "What was I saying again?"
al "It doesn’t even matter, let’s just sit here and talk about things."
y simple"If you like it so much, and you knew there wouldn’t be people here why did you never come?"
al "I could always see the top of the hill from the city, which means people from the city can see me here…"
al "Of course, I don’t care much about that with you here."
al "But I REALLY wanted to check out this tree for a while now."
y smug"Heh, go ham, climb that tree, girl."
Q "The dog wags his tail excitedly, but doesn’t really know where to begin."
al "Can you-"
y "I’ll keep your backpack safe. I promise."
Q "You hold it gently, then watch as he scrambles to get a hold of the lowest, toughest branch, and tries to climb with his weak, pathetic nerd limbs."
For the record, those were Scribbles’ words, not mine. I fully support my easily pinnable nerd dog friend.
y s"Need some help?"
al "N-no, I’m good, I’m almooost- Niagh! Up."
Q "You clap gleefully."
y "Are you going any higher?"
al "No way."
y "Understandable."
Q "You decide to sit down in the tree’s shade, in a spot least affected by morning dew and with the shortest amount of grass."
y "It actually looks like this place has been sat on quite often, judging by the shorter, trampled grass here."
Q "The dog looks too busy studying the tree’s swirling bark to listen."
y "Has nature always been a special interest of yours?"
al "Huh- Oh, yeah, I mean, not all nature."
al "I think it’s very interesting but please don’t think I’m some kind of tree-hugger."
al "I’m mostly interested in Nightfallen, it just so happens this is their home."
al "But when a tree has naturally swirling branches I can’t help but be mesmerized."
Q "You don’t say another word. Ripping out a cat’s tail stem to chew on, you keep your gaze upwards at the dog, hugging the thick branch he’s on, scared not to fall."
y smug"Whatever you say, my little tree-hugger."
al "Hiya!"
q "The dog, once again, pitifully displays his athletic skills by getting out of the tree, sloooowly."
y s"You done with the biology field trip?"
al "Yeah, more importantly I’m done with sightseeing."
al "It’s weird, I didn’t really see many people in town, and the few I did see were going towards the arena."
al "Are the battles such a big deal?"
y "This whole place revolves around the Academy, I’m assuming a lot of locals must go there to view entertainment."
al "Like gladiators in a colosseum."
Q "He looks towards the arena with a glint in his eyes."
y sadsmile"You didn’t change your mind about fighting, have you?"
al "No, no, not at all, especially now that we’ll have a job to do there anyway."
al "That climb left me thirsty."
al "Give me the backpack please."
al "Let’s see… this one’s my fur keeping essentials… this one’s my wallet… this one…"
al "Oh no! I didn’t put any drinks in my gems."
y "Heh, well you’ll be very happy to hear then-"
al "*gasp* Did you try some summoning spells without help and stored drinks in the gem I gave you before?!"
y pf"Uhh, no."
y ec"Backpack drinks!"
y s"They’re still somewhat cold."
y awkward"I… kinda forgot about that gem, sorry."
al "No problem, I also forgot we both carry backpacks, I never even notice yours."
y smug"Because I don’t carry mine like I’m holding the world’s wealth in it."
y pf"Seriously, what’s in that thing?"
al "Just… gems."
y simple"So you store things in your gems then the gems in your backpack?"
al "Not just objects of course."
al "All summoners have a place to hold their Nightfallen."
y sadsmile"You really love them that much, huh?"
al "Don’t you love me too?- I mean, your friend! As a friend, don’t you love your friends? Don’t you want them with you to know they’re safe?"
y sadsmile"I really do."
al "You don’t happen to have a picnic cloth in the backpack too, do you?"
y smug"I’m not quite that resourceful."
al "But your shirt is white, it will- oh, what am I saying, cleaning specialist, duh."
y angry"I’m NOT! *sigh*"
y bored"That’s one of the reasons, sure."
Un "Except you don’t have that power for a while."
Thanks for reminding me…
al "It’s… hmm, how should I-"
Q "The dog tries different positions, against the tree, criss crossed, on his knees, fetal position, but nothing seems to really work in a satisfying way."
al "It’s not as comfortable as I imagined."
y2 "Nature is beautiful but not very comfortable for city boys like us."
y2 "You could lay down, fully."
y2 "Maybe put your head here, I don’t mind."
Q "You tap your thighs, half joking."
al "Oh, uhmm, alright, if you’re offering."
Q "Unfortunately for the reader, the artwork did spoil this part."
You’re drawing in there too?
un "Obviously, I’m making it a visual novel."
I’ll need to see that later…
y2 "Oh, look how nonchalantly you took that book about Demons out of your gem."
y2 "Do you want to ask questions or hope I ask them?"
al "I dunno."
y2 "He says, hiding his blushing, giggling face."
y2 "Fiiine, I’ll ask."
y2 "Is it about your dream demon friend that we met yesterday?"
al "It’s one of the only topics I can freely talk about."
y2 "That guy… is very creepy."
al "Yeah… at first glance."
y2 "Are you sure he’s a demon?"
al "Honestly no… but come on, what else could he be? A powerful sorcerer who took an interest in me?"
y2 "Could be. I’m a powerful sorcerer who took an interest in you."
y2 "Or with potential to be powerful, at least."
y2 "Have you ever seen his face?"
al "No. Always the same mask."
y2 "You both seemed pretty glad to see each other."
al "As I said before, we’re technically friends."
al "While I was dreaming, he would give me advice on how to handle life with my… m-mom."
al "He helped me understand Nightfallen and summoning better."
al "My other, real, non-demon teacher did as well, but it was hard to understand when he couldn’t show me much in real life."
al "He’d get in a lot of trouble if we were caught summoning."
al "He’s also the one that came up with the plan to get my mother’s ring from her."
al "Do you know why he was interested in you too?"
y2 "I’m really trying to understand that as well, believe me."
al "What did he give you?"
y2 "It’s… supposedly a gift for me… sorry, I really don’t know much myself."
al "That’s fine…"
al "Can you do me a favor?"
y2 "Anything."
al "I have this pessimistic feeling I won’t see him again anytime soon, but you might. If you do… let me know. That’s all."
y2 "That’s definitely something I can do."
y2 "Can you do me a favor in return?"
al "Anything."
y2 "I want to quench my curiosity. That ring you’re so fond of…"
al "Yeah yeah, I suppose it’s about time for that."
al "I beat around the bush enough."
al "I didn’t expect you to crack this part of me so fast. For some reason I feel totally content sharing this with you."
al "It’s yet another of the few parts of me that I can share without needing to throw up, but I’m very cautious about the people who know."
al "This-"
Q "The dog takes the ring off its chain and holds it in front of you."
al "He was my mom’s ‘wedding ring’."
al "The family’s Blood Diamond, so it was called."
y2 "Very on the nose."
al "Nobody had any idea there is a Nightfallen inside this beautiful, yet small red gem."
al "But I did. He talked to me. He called to me. And we became friends."
al "Some of the fondest memories I have of my past is talking to him like an imaginary friend."
al "I seriously thought I had an imaginary friend, heh."
Q "He giggles to himself."
al "Problem was… he was stuck on a finger."
al "When I finally broke my leash and ran away… I obviously took him with me."
al "I… when she…"
A nightfallen inside my ring?! I want this gem shattered!
al "When she found out… it finally gave me the courage to listen to my teacher and dream demon…"
Q "The gem starts glowing and flickering frantically."
q"The dog chuckles, rubbing the gem gently with his claw."
al "He really wanted to meet you for a while, and now can’t contain his excitement."
al "Would you like to meet him?"
y2 "More than anything!"
y2 "PLEASE!"
y2 "PLEASE!"
y2 "I’LL DO ANYTHING!"
al "C-calm down, we both want you to-"
y2 "ANYTHING!"
q "Your surprised friend concentrates on the ring, the red gem on it catching the light around it like a black hole for just a moment. At first, it’s only a glow, a steady pulse, then the air stirs."
q "The glow thickens, bleeding into the shape of something more, a figure pulling itself from the gem like smoke taking on weight."
Q"The shimmer hardens, dark fur etching itself into place, horns curling, eyes burning bright crimson. A presence steps free, tall and solid where there was only haze before. Its gaze locks forward, alive with something ancient, summoned into form by the dog’s hand."
q "In the end, in front of you stands… a tall, cute creature with a Demon’s eyes."
y2 "Woah."
y2 "What… are you?"
q "It does not seem to have the ability to speak, nor does it have the intention to."
al "Neither of us are sure, actually."
al "By definition he’s supposed to be a Demon…"
y2 "No way!"
al "He can cast magic, something only people and Demons can do, and his gem’s color shows a higher end Nightfallen… but it’s so small."
al "He’s far too weak for a Demon, no offense."
Q "The supposed Demon glances at him but immediately gets his large, red pupils on you, transfixed."
y2 "Oh my God… you’re so FUCKING CUTE!"
Q "It appears surprised, raising its ears even higher and looking around."
y2 "Sorry, language, but look how fluffy he iiis."
al "He’s a good cuddler."
y2 "YOU CUDDLE HIM?"
y2 "Cuteness overload."
Un eyeroll"Aghem."
I’m sorry Scribbles, you need to step up your game.
Un sidee "Wha- y-you think this is some kind of competition for your attention or something?!"
Un ang"Go cuddle every street Demon you find, as if I care."
y2 "Does he have a name?"
al "He does, I assume, but he wouldn’t tell me."
y2 "Demons can’t reveal their names to anyone, or something really bad will happen to them."
al "Huh, yet another hint he’s, in fact, a Demon."
al "And you say you’re not a specialist."
y2 "I hardly qualify."
y2 "Have you named him yourself, by any chance?"
al "I have been calling him Buddy for some time, but I didn’t make anything official."
y2 "Do you like Buddy?"
Q "The Demon thinks for a moment and nods happily."
y2 "There we go."
y2 "Now, why did you want to meet me, Buddy?"
al "Sorry, he can’t talk."
y2 "But haven’t you been talking to him before?"
al "It only works from inside the ring, and even so, I’m pretty sure only I can hear him."
al "It might be something related to trauma."
al "Being in my family for all this time didn’t make him age too gracefully…"
al "I have to carry him around on a chain by my pants, because if I place him on my finger, he freaks out, if I put him in my backpack or pocket, he freaks out."
y2 "I always wondered what kind of fashion choice that was, heh."
Q "After multiple minutes of intense staring and shifting around, the Demon finally yawns and moves to his summoner’s side."
Q "He places his head and arms on the dog, closing his eyes and sleeping like a common house cat."
y2 "He must be bored already, since he can’t talk to me anyway."
al "He’s the reason I even met you, or even stayed with you."
al "I’ll owe him my life for that."
y2 "What exactly did he do?"
al "He said he knew where the Summoner’s meeting room was, but instead he led me to you… in the hallway."
y2 "Ah."
al "After that I thought he’s too unreliable to help, so I tried to find it my way, of course, that didn’t end well."
al "Then, after our first positive encounter, I was going to use his power to run away… but he refused to do it."
y2 "Do you think there’s a reason for it?"
al "I’m not sure… he’s been very curious about you, and very pushy for us to go along, even when I was doubting myself."
y2 "I think I just attract Nightfallen, more or less."
al "Did you attract some before?"
y2 "Yeah, but… it’s a long story."
y2 "I feel like we have enough time to talk about the few interesting aspects of my life after we dig inside you deeper."
Q "Buddy raises his ear and opens one eye, looking at you."
al "Go back to sleep, you…"
y2 "Oh, right. I suppose there is something about me worth mentioning now. I did have another dream about you."
y2 "Sorry I didn’t tell you earlier."
al "Huh? We… exchanged dreams again? No wonder my own dream was mostly blank."
al "You keep dreaming about nothing."
al "What did you see?"
y2 "It wasn’t anything too good or too bad."
y2 "Just you in a large, fancy looking bedroom, you were playing the piano while your… teacher?  I think it was; watching and correcting notes. Your mom was having an argument with your aunt in the other room."
al "A memory… although not a very specific one. That can describe my every Friday."
al "Was I the main event in that dream? Bit hard to believe."
al "Me- center stage. Imagine that."
y2 "Your teacher was hot."
al "…"
y2 "…"
al "WHY WOULD YOU SAY SOMETHING LIKE THAT?!"
y2 "S-sorry! I often say dumb things. It’s a toxic trait of mine."
al "You horndog."
y2 "Okay okay, but please, tell me… I have to know."
al "What?"
y2 "Did my mind make it up inside the dream, or was his ass really that PHAT?"
al "Staaawwwwwp."
al "Buddy, attack him!"
Q "The Demon lazily opens an eye to look at you both, and after a moment of confusion goes back to sleep, snuggling deeper into the dog’s chest."
y2 "Ha."
al "Traitor."
al "Leaving my teacher out of this-"
al "What exactly were my aunt and… you know what? I don’t want to know. If they were arguing about the usual things outside my door, I wouldn’t even be surprised."
al "In fact, I think I’m regretting knowing any of this now."
al "*sigh* But if you get my memories in form of dreams, that is such a weird relief and weight off my shoulders."
y2 "Do you think you could… maybe try to tell me something personal if you really want to so much? Maybe our growing bond made some changes in the rules of your mind."
y2 "I tend to have such an effect on people."
I think of Scribbles, who right now, doesn’t seem to want to grace me with his presence, not even as narrator.
al "I…"
al "I had these…"
al "These friends- I… I can’t-"
al "I can’t, I can’t, I Can’t I CAN’T I CAN’T I CANTH;T I-ACNNT’;!"
y2 "Shh, h-hey, it’s okay, it’s okay, Don’t say anything."
y2 "I’m sorry I brought it up."
y2 "Let’s just change the subject."
y2 "If the cat’s out of the bag, with your Demon friend and Demon teacher and what not… I kind of wanna tell you a little secret too…"
al "I’m… listening."
y2 "*inhale of courage*."
Scribbles… I hope you forgive me for what I’m about to say.
y2 "You see… seem to be plagued by Demons around you."
y2 "Hah, ‘plagued’, get it?"
al "It is very funny, yes. I am laughing."
y2 "I do know one or two things about Demons, since, well-"
y2 "I don’t know the consequences of telling you this, but when I got to the Academy, I met someone, mostly against my will-"
y2 "And believe it or not, I ended up with him insi-"
pause 2.0
bud "…"
y2 "-ide..."
y2 "agh."
y2 "I…"
al "What was that?"
al "Who inside what?"
y2 "Did you see that just now…?"
al "See what?"
y2 "Never mind."
y2 "S-someone… inside the Academy that m-might know more! That’s right!"
y2 "I have no idea who it was, but they s-sure seemed like they knew a lot, haha."
What the hell was that…?
He seemed… very interested in what I was saying.
It doesn’t seem like Alvy even realized he was gone, he must’ve used his power for a second.
un "You make sure to keep the new freak away from me."
y2 "Don’t ask who though, my memory is not great."
al "Huh, who would know stuff about Demons around here anyway?"
y2 "Maybe Therium?"
y2 "Surely we can find out a lot of things from him."
al "I don’t think I want to be around him…"
y2 "Ouch, very blunt, but I do remember you didn’t get the bestest of feelings from him."
al "And the summoner’s shard doesn’t have a leader, so realistically the only people who would know more than you, are teachers, and perhaps some senior Summoners."
al "Hmm, what is it, Buddy?"
al "Stop pawing at me– ooooh."
al "Right, I did promise to ask him at some point…"
y2 "Ask me what?"
al "Buddy had a request for some time now, that if I present him to you…"
al "He wants you to touch him."
y2 "In what way?"
al "He said he might be able to share his own memories with you, since I… can’t tell you mine, of course."
al "Find some stuff out, if you’re interested, of course."
y2 "Uhhh, possibly find out things about the best dog in the world AND touch a fluffy Demon?"
y2 "Don’t mind if I do."
blur 10
y ec"Oh, you’re an excited one, aren’t you?"
y "Who’s a good little demon? Oh yes you are, you are a good litt-"
al "[name] please, he’s a grown man."
y simple"Oh."
y sadsmile"Anyway, here I go."
y "You’re tall, I think I’ll go for a chest grab."
ZAP
y scream"AH!"
y "I’M SORRY!"
y "I’M SORRY!"
y worried"I don’t know what happened!"
pause 1.0
al "I-it’s fine, I think. He says he’s fine."
al "Buddy, what did you see?"
al "…"
al "He didn’t see anything, but he’s asking if you got anything out of it?"
y simple"I don’t think so."
y "My powers kind of zapped him away."
al "Did I even ask what your powers are?"
y "I don’t remember for sure, but it’s energy manipulation, it’s not a big secret."
al "Oh, I heard about that."
al "Hmm, I did study mana, but I never really got into energy all that much."
al "I can’t really begin to explain it."
y sadsmile"Is Buddy gonna come back out?"
al "He says he’s tired."
y worried"Oh… sorry again."
al "It’s really not your fault."
al "And it’s probably for the best. Summoning Nightfallen is illegal and we’re in one of the most visible spots."
y simple"I forgot completely, hopefully the police force is too busy banging to be looking out for us."
al "We should just go anyway."
al "We’re supposed to be there an hour earlier, as Dallan instructed."
y "You’re right."
y "Does that mean we’re going there by foot?"
al "Duh, you electrocuted him."
y scream"I didn’t meaaaan toooo!"
al "I think he enjoyed it actually."
y pf"Noted."
al "Nah, I don’t think not having to prep for bottoming is a worth enough point."
y2 "It’s not just that, you also don’t have to wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, you’ll always smell good, no more stomach problems, and so many other reasons!"
y2 "What would you choose then?"
al "If I had to choose between never having to use the bathroom, never having to eat again, or never having to sleep again…"
al "I’d choose not sleeping."
y2 "You like eating too much, huh?"
al "I’m eating right now, I can’t give up on chips."
y2 "You can still eat, you just don’t have to."
al "Then it would be a waste, because eating feels nice, always."
al "If you don’t eat, doesn’t that mean you also don’t go to the bathroom?"
y2 "I suppose it does, but it doesn’t include peeing, and I also wouldn’t be able to stop myself from a slice of chocolate cake."
al "Imagine never waking up tired again, because you never go to sleep in the first place."
y2 "I need sleep, if I don’t dream– I go insane."
al "I wish I never had to dream..."
al "Or wish I had your dreams, being inside an expansion of darkness instead of my own past sounds pleasant."
y2 "Is that the main reason why you don’t want to sleep?"
al "Mostly, yeah."
al "But for the past two nights I slept well, thanks to you."
y2 "Happy to be a nightmare magnet!"
y2 "Mmm, this chip is the size of my palm."
al "Woah!"
al "I dare you to fit it all in one bite."
y2 "Who do you think you’re dealing with? An amateur?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Hand it over.
→ Cheat.
→ *Cruuunch*
→ Down the hatch.
--- END CHOICES ---

al "This place is even more packed than yesterday."
y sadsmile"You’ll be fine."
I take his hand in mine and squeeze upon seeing his worried eyebrows.
He looks down and smiles.
al "I will be."
lu "You will, but {b}he{/b} won’t."
We turn around to see a cranky figure approach us, pushing past everyone else.
And I also realized my narrator is slacking inside my mind…
y "Oh, hi, Luis!"
y "Uhmm, something the matter?"
lu "Hey Alvy, [name]… are you sure you didn’t forget anything yesterday, [NAME]?"
y pf"I already told you I’m not marrying you, wish I could but I have other candidates."
al "What?"
lu "Not that!"
pass
lu "The Nightfallen gem I lent you!"
y shoked2"OH!"
lu "You’re lucky I didn’t get in trouble for it."
lu "There has been some suspicious Nightfallen activity around lately, so they’re checking my storage more than usual."
lu "Didn’t I tell you to bring it back after the auditions?"
lu "If you wanted to borrow it for today’s battle you still had to bring it by me first."
y awkward"I’m really sorry! It’s in my backpack and I swear I meant to do it but I got distracted, not to mention I’m new and summoning is so complicated and-"
lu "It’s fine, just… come with me. We have things to talk about. It’s best we do it in my office."
al "Are you the one Dallan talked about?"
lu "Fortunately for all of us."
lu "Else I would’ve had to hunt [name] down for the gem."
y pf"It’s here somewhere…"
ka "Huh? What was that?"
ka "Oh you asked for a Savage Fur, not an Aquatic Elemental? Well maybe this isn’t your {b}fucking{/b} gem order, did you think about that? DID YOU THINK ABOUT IT?! HUH?! {size=*1.5}SIT YOUR ASS DOWN!{/size}"
al "Someone sounds stressed."
lu "Karina, we’ll be in here for a bit, you can handle the lending for a while more, right?"
ka "O-of course, boss! – HEY, DON’T PUT THAT IN YOUR MOUTH, ARE YOU FIVE?!"
lu "Yeah… with the battles happening, everyone is desperately trying to find the best possible Nightfallen to fight with, even if only a few students have powerful enough summoning abilities to do damage with them."
lu "Hey, you seem well, not as green as yesterday at least, did you get over your fear of crowds?"
al "I got a new mindset."
lu "That’s good, I was really judging Dallan’s decision here, but maybe I was worrying for nothing."
y determined"AHA! Here it is."
y "Knew I didn’t lose it."
lu "There was a chance you could’ve lost it…?"
y awkward"Ummm, n-no…"
lu "Hmmm…"
lu "…"
y worried"I swear!"
y "Unless you’re thinking about something else?"
y "It was chipped when I got it, mind you, I even mended it a little bit."
lu "You sure did."
lu "I was just thinking-"
lu "Well… I gave you two and now it’s only one…"
lu "*Sigh*, might as well let you have this one."
lu "It clearly likes you, and it’s not like I can explain what happened."
lu "'This new guy just fused two gems together.'"
lu "They’d think I’m mad until they see it with their own eyes."
lu "I've had some problems with my mechanical arm lately, so I’ll just write them off as shattered by accident."
lu "It’s not a living Nightfallen anymore anyway, so it’s usually not a problem."
lu "Besides, it’s a beginner gem..."
lu "I keep whining that I’ll get in trouble, but I’m too valuable for them to lose, heh."
y shoked"Seriously? I can just keep him?"
al "That’s perfect! You didn’t have a Nightfallen of your own until now."
lu "And maybe this way I won’t have to lend you one, like for today’s battles."
y simple"Oh, we are not… signing up for those."
lu "What?! Look, sorry, alright? I overreacted. You don’t have to give up on using Nightfallen because you’re a little distracted at times-"
y "No no, it’s not like that."
al "Neither of us are really that much into fighting, and since it’s not mandatory- we’d just rather keep out this time."
lu "Not much into fighting? Two of the most interesting summoners we’ve got in years and two recommended students??"
y "Also students who get sick by being in large crowds."
lu "That is a good point."
lu "And I suppose you’ll be too busy presenting these battles to participate in them."
al "Mind if we talk about that? Do we have a script to read from or something?"
lu "Yeah, you’ll get some notes."
al "Thank goodness."
y s"So what do we do?"
lu "As hosts you have three jobs."
lu "Entertain the crowd."
lu "Present the contestants."
lu "And sign in any new contestants that appear."
lu "But I doubt you’ll need to do that last part. It looks like everyone is ready for some battles."
lu "And don’t worry, only minimal commentary is necessary if any actual sex happens."
alvycody "Huh?"
y blush"That… that happens?"
al "It’s a possibility?"
lu "Oh yeah, it’s pretty uncommon since actually getting into a position for that takes time and coordination. Besides, each contestant only has a few minutes until the hosts shout the victor."
lu "Did you seriously not expect it?"
lu "You did see the ‘no children allowed’ posters outside the arena, right? What did you think those were for?"
y pf"I never even noticed."
al "I just thought violence isn’t good for children…"
lu "Not the kind of violence Kiraman delivers, hah."
lu "Deep and messy."
lu "Or very bloody, depending on his mood…"
lu "Maybe it’s for the best you don’t partake."
lu "But hey, I see you’re getting worried, or… excited in his case-"
y "I’m just intrigued by this information, is all."
lu "-so don’t worry, it’s very unlikely to happen, especially at the start."
lu "As far as I understand, you’ll only present the first half, before someone will take over."
lu "You’re going to be located in that tower to the East. You probably remember it from yesterday’s auditions."
lu "Although I can’t be the one to host in your stead, I did take some time to write some notes for you, here."
lu "Dallan helped as well, and I think his vice leader got to them as well at some point, I’m not sure."
y ec"This will actually be a big help, thanks, Luis."
al "I'll go over it immediately."
lu "Don’t thank me, the Headmaster thinks we’re giving first years the opportunity to expand their horizons and familiarize with our extracurriculum through this exchange."
lu "So don’t tell him what the actual hosts are up to."
lu "Not that anyone knows what the hell they’re doing."
lu "Do you happen to know more?"
y simple"No, Dallan was vague about it."
lu "I’m sure it’s nothing, the other two probably dragged Dallan to relax somewhere. They’re probably having the time of their life right now, hah."
t "You just HAD to punch the Chief in the face… of all people."
a "He insulted me, I had to protect my reputation and manhood."
T "HE JUST ASKED IF YOU’RE MY MATE!"
A "Exactly."
a "Cringe word, even worse thought."
D "It’s okay guys, I think they always wanted to sacrifice us, Aiden just sped up the process."
t "Dallan, don’t try to expla-"
t "…"
t "Why are you not tied up like us?"
d "Uhm, I asked them nicely to not do it and they felt bad."
t "The three hundred pound puppy eyes will have that effect…"
t "I wonder how [name] is holding up…"
a "Probably better than us."
T "And whose fault is that?"
A "Dallan chose me to come, I would’ve been perfectly content beating the crap out of some first years right about now."
T "And have the other one impregnate half the tribe? I don’t think so."
a "He can’t impregnate males, you idiot, that’s most of the tribe."
t "He’d find a way."
D "Oh, sorry guys, gotta go."
T "HUH? WHERE?!"
D "I promised Eureka I’ll help build the pyre they’ll burn us on later for the ritual."
D "I’m the tallest guy that’s not on guard duty."
T "Oh my god…"
A "Tell him I want to kill his father-in-law."
D "Will do!"
T "At least Merina actually got Seraph, can only count on the girls to help around here."
T "Now where is Chelsie?"
ch "Alright, so this is called a condom. If a male and female want to have some fun without any crotch goblins spawning you just slide it on like this-"
wf"Ooohhh… feel good, what price?"
t "YOU’RE ALL USELESS!"
t "I should’ve just come here alone with [name]… at least it would’ve been fun."
y hurt2"That was a heavy door."
al "I think you opened it the wrong way."
y simple"Oh."
y "It did feel like it was kind of bending weirdly."
y pf"They should put a ‘pull’ sign on that."
H "I’ll have a sign custom made just for you, mister [name2]."
y awkward"Hahghlhg -Hello, sir."
al "Good afternoon."
y "Didn’t know you’d be waiting for us… already."
H "It’s a good spot to see every single one of my students present in the audience."
H "Besides, I was very curious to see who will be these lucky first years who will replace our beloved hosts."
H "Can’t say I’m too surprised they chose recommended students for this."
h "I have to say, I was definitely disappointed the slayer’s vice leader couldn’t be here today as a host."
H "I heard you befriended him. Do you happen to know why he’s out? Did he get cold feet?"
Crap, what did Luis say to tell him?
y sadsmile"Uhmm, no, he... he had some... family problems."
h "Family you say?"
h "Interesting."
h "The show must go on, I suppose, in any case