."
al "Should I go slow?"
y2 "Don’t worry, I’m much more durable than you when it comes to this stuff."
y2 "Just don’t slam it all at once."
He’s hesitant at first, but I guide his cock to my entrance.
y2 "Come on, it’s begging to be filled."
He begins, sinking into me with a soft, shuddering breath.
al"Holy… You’re so tight."
y2 "Okay, you don’t need to be that surprised."
y2"Now move, rock into me... yeah, just like that, get your hips a bit higher."
His thrusts are tender, almost shy, but each one sends pleasure rippling through me. 
He picks up a rhythm, his movements growing more confident.
al"Does it feel good?"
y2"So fucking good."
I assure him, pulling him down for a kiss on the cheek.
y2"Don’t hold back now. Let yourself go."
y2 "And hey, look at that, I finally caught your tail in mine."
y2 "I win, what are you giving me?"
al "You’ll win… *grunt* a full belly."
y2 "Lovely prize."
His pace quickens, his thrusts deepening until he’s trembling above me.
al "I’m close…"
y2"Then cum, fill me up."
With a broken cry, he buries himself deep and pulses inside me, his release warm and fulfilling. He collapses atop me, breathing heavily.
al "*Huff* Did I do good?"
y2"Yeah, you did. And it was perfect."
y2 "Do you prefer to top or bottom?"
al "With you? Literally anything excites me to no bound."
y2 "I’m glad to hear it, because I have a plethora of kinks I want to try with you…"
al "I hope I don’t end up regretting my words…"
al "It’s pretty late, isn’t it?"
y2 "About… 2 AM."
al "Do you wanna call it quits here?"
y2 "There is no better ending than this, I’d say."
al "Tomorrow… tomorrow is the test."
y2 "Yeah…"
al "Good thing we got a nap in not long ago, otherwise I doubt I would be able to wake up rested tomorrow."
al "Hey… [name]… whatever happens… you’ll always be by my side, right?"
y2 "What a question to ask when you’re seventeen centimeters deep inside me."
al "Hah, yeah, I was just, wait-"
al "How’d you know it’s seventeen? I never told you."
y2 "Please, think of who you’re talking to."
y2 "And I’m not surprised you measured it yourself as well, you little freak."
He blushes and nuzzles my neck.
al "I’ve been thinking… I think I struck gold. You know how many people would kill to date a virgin whore?"
y2 "Oh. My. God. You did not just say that."
al "Do you want me to apologize and take it back?"
y2 "Well you’d be lying if you did, sooo… no."
al "Is it weird that I want to sleep like this, while inside you?"
y2 "That is actually one of the kinks quite high on my list but I don’t think it works in real life as much as in fantasy."
al "Yeah… I do kind of have a strong desire to take a bath right about now."
y2 "May I wash your back, my good sir?"
al "Yes, and that will be your job every day from now on."
y2 "I can’t wait." with dissolve
We stumble into the shower together, leaning on each other for support as warm water cascades over our sweaty, cum-streaked fur.
I lather him gently, washing away the night’s intensity, and he returns the favor with clumsy, tired hands. There are no words, just soft sighs and the steam wrapping around us like a blanket.
After, we collapse into bed, limbs tangled, his head nestled against my chest, like a lapdog.
His breathing evens out almost instantly, a contented rumble vibrating through him. I pull the covers over us, holding him close as moonlight filters through the window, painting us in silver.
Sleep takes us both, wrapped in the warmth and stillness of what we shared.
y2 "Sleep well…"
pause 1.0
Q b "And for the first time in months… The dog’s dream is filled with fields of flowers, colorful Nightfallen playing in the tall grass and the people he truly loves, waiting for him in the backgrounds, with arms outstretched." with longdissolve
Q b "The bad memories are gone, and the darkness he shared in the leopard’s dreams left his mind as well."
Q b "For once, he will wake up rested…"
pause 2.0
teacher2 "I have to admit, this is a lovely little house." with dissolve
teacher2 "I wouldn’t mind retiring here."
teacher2 "Would you like to live with me as a married couple?"
Th "I’d rather swallow myself like Ouroboros."
teacher2 "Hah, figures."
teacher2 "Oh, here they are!"
pause 2.0
teacher2 "Awww, look at them. They finally cuddled." with dissolve
teacher2 "Remember, Therium? On the first night they separated the beds in that hotel room. On the second they had the same bed but didn’t touch each other, and now they can’t be separated."
Th "Such insightful meta commentary. Now can you do what we came here to do already?"
teacher2 "But where’s the fun in that?" with dissolve
teacher2 "Oh, watch out, there’s a cum puddle right there."
teacher2 "And there, and… there, and there. Wow, they had a lot of fun."
teacher2 "More than he did with you, if I remember correctly."
Th "I don’t care."
teacher2 "You better start caring."
teacher2 "If this horny little leopard doesn’t succeed, your beloved Lord is as good as gone."
teacher2 "He’s already fading, don’t you hear his pathetic little scribbles on that paper? His drops of blood are almost louder than his writing."
teacher2 "Let’s see… the horsie checked your abilities, Father says they’re acceptable."
teacher2 "The doggie tested your bounds. Those are magnificent, in fact."
teacher "He had no Lust Rushes today, surprisingly."
teacher2 "The only thing to test now is-"
teacher2 "Oh, this one’s starting to stir."
teacher2 "No worries darling, I’ll end this quickly."
pause 3.0
pause 2.0
th "…" with llongdissolve
pause 2.0
teacher2 "…"
teacher2 "Hmm. Why is it still going?"
Th "You stabbed the wrong one, idiot."
teacher2 "OH! My bad! I actually thought he’ll be the one on top at least this time, but he’s submissive even in cuddles."
y2 "Al... vy?" with dissolve
teacher2 "No no-"
pause 0.1
pause 1.0
nobox "{i}{size=*1.5}Death.{/size}{/i}" with dissolve
pause 1.0
pause 1.0