."
al "What’s that?"
y scream"A stranger with an axe!"
q "Both of you get your feet out of the water, but the dripping fur makes it a little awkward to figure what else you should do with them… it would be polite to stand up, at the very least, and your dog friend does exactly that as you follow his lead."
y awkward"H-hello there!"
st "Visitors! Can’t believe someone else finally showed up."
st "Are you here for the fishing season?"
y "No, we-"
st "I have to say, didn’t expect such young folk here, although there was that cat and tiger once, but they didn’t catch much with all their screaming."
y sadsmile"Actually-"
st "Might be because I keep procrastinating on reconstructing that bridge. Everyone thinks this place is off limits because of it, can you believe that?"
al "{size=*0.4}He’s not letting us respond.{/size}"
y smug"{size=*0.4}Just smile and look cute.{/size}"
te "But where are my manners, my name is Terry, I’m a self proclaimed forest ranger."
te "Someone has to stop people from disrupting the fauna around here."
te "Since so many wild animals like to stay inside the barrier, far from Nightfallen."
y simple"…"
al "…"
te "…"
te "Uhmm, oh, of course, hablas Español?"
y ec"Haha, that’s alright, we’re locals, we just wanted to make sure you’re done, wouldn’t want to interrupt your monologue."
te "Oh that’s a relief, I never took the time to learn a second language, only thing I regret in my life."
te "Well, that and trying to become a hunter, but that’s a story for another time."
te "But you’re right, enough with the monologuing on my part. What brings such fine lads to these parts?"
te "You look all dressed up and proper, there are no office buildings around here, hoho."
y pf"I wasn’t really planning on coming here..."
al "We were just on a walk following the river and found this clearing by accident."
y s"Then the water called to us. Or at least our paws."
te "Aww, so you’re not here to fish then?"
te "Shame, I really thought my ad would’ve reached most people in town."
te "We need to take care of the fish population, and I can’t quite do it on my own."
al "I haven’t really seen any ads about this in the past month."
y simple"How did you share it?"
te "Through email, like eeeeveryone is telling me to. 'Posters are outdated' they say."
y s"Could I have a look at the message?"
te "Yeah, here."
q "The reindeer takes a moment to unlock his phone then hands it to you."
q "There isn’t much on the homescreen aside from the email app and the time, so it’s easy to navigate."
q "And you quickly find the problem."
y simple"Umm, mister… Terry?"
al "You emailed it to yourself."
te "Wha- so nobody got my hand painted fishing request?!"
y "Afraid not."
y s"But if you want I can send it, for sure this time."
te "Yes! Please do it! I was wondering why nobody is showing up… you know, outside of the broken bridge."
al "Might also help if this place wasn’t so well hidden by natural terrain and flora."
te "You’re definitely right, but I don’t want people walking around unless it’s the right season."
y ec"Done!"
q "The next moment a notification appears on your phone."
y "Everyone inside the barrier should get this e-mail."
te "You’re a lifesaver, lad."
al "And these fish’s demise."
q "He laughs and you grunt."
te "Speaking of, you sure you don’t wanna give my old rod a go? It’s begging to be used. On the house too, call it thanks for the help."
y blush2"W-what do you mean? What rod?"
te "The fishing rod?"
y blush"Oh right, that, umm-"
q "You turn to the dog who’s shaking his head lightly with piercing, begging eyes."
q "He does not want anything to do with this, but you know better, time to give your new friend a core memory."
y smug"Have you ever fished before, Alvy?"
al "No… never got to try, but I’m not sure if-"
y ec"Come ooon, it could be fun! I’ll teach you. I’m not much of an expert, but I’ve been on the lake a couple of times in my life."
te "It really is fun if you have the right equipment, and I sure do have everything you need."
al "Fine. But I’m not touching worms."
te "Oh we’re not using worms, don’t worry, I got my own recipe."
y s"All the stars have aligned."
te "Splendid! I’ll bring you boys all you need."
q "He walks away, almost skipping with joy and whistling a happy tune."
y "He’s nice."
al "How do you end up living in the woods? Can anyone do that? Can I do that?"
y "Maybe you should ask him, I’m sure he won’t bite."
al "I’ll pass."
q "As if afraid not to lose you two, he runs back only a minute later, with a small container of bait, two rods and an empty bucket."
al "What do we do with the fish, sir?"
al "We can’t quite take them home."
te "No worries, I’ll take them off your hands if anything, you just have fun."
te "If you need anything else, you can find me in that cabin right over there. I don’t get many visitors, so you’re welcome to just hang out, don’t be shy, I don’t bite-"
y smug"Told you."
te "Too hard, haha, you know? Rawr. Jaw of a predator when needed."
y simple"Oh."
al "He’s weird."
y bored"That’s your catchphrase."
al "Well I’m not wrong, am I?"
y "Eh. Debatable."
y smug"I’d say the nice comment comes before the weird one."
al "So… how do you-"
y s"If I remember correctly: You take some of these balls and place them on the hook."
y "Then make sure this latch is off and just-"
y "Toooooooose the hook out!"
y "Not too far though."
q "He copies what you do and to your surprise, there are no mistakes that you can see in his form."
y ec"Hey! Nice! You’re a natural learner, no wonder you were recommended."
y pf"The first time I threw mine, back in the day, I accidentally caught my sister’s finger in the hook."
y "She never forgave me…"
al "Must be fun to have a sister to bicker with."
y bored"Fun might be an overstatement, closer to a challenge."
y s"I take it you’re a single child?"
al "One and only."
y sadsmile"Must be stressful, from all the attention and pressure."
al "You don’t even know."
y s"But hey, they must be proud you got all the way over here with your talents."
al "I wouldn’t say that…"
y "Wow, must be some {i}‘tiger’{/i} parents to not  at least be a little bit impressed."
al "I think that’s somewhat accurate."
y smug"Well, if we’re making it a pity contest, I’ll let you know my dad left us when I was six, beat that."
al "Wow… I can’t believe it."
y sadsmile"Sorry, too depressing?"
al "No, I can’t believe you think that’s going to win pity from anyone."
y smug"Oh yeah? Let’s see you trauma dump, mister singleton."
al "My parents married each other for political reasons and tax benefits, and I have never seen a real life person outside of my family, besides my music instructor."
y simple"Oh."
y "Do they… not love each other very much?"
al "It’s… rough? I guess."
y s"I am all ears, these fish don’t get scared of sound anyway."
al "Our whole family’s relations are iffy."
al "Everyone feels like a stranger to me."
al "Aside from my aunt, but my mother doesn’t like her, so I rarely see her."
al "She’s only around when we have Nightfallen problems, since they keep breaking in through the barrier, and she’s a hunter."
y simple"Not all barriers are as strong as this one, I get it."
al "We also never went out fishing… for instance."
al "And now I can’t imagine why, it’s very relaxing."
al "That’s something my mother could use."
al "Hey, [name]."
al "This might be a bit random but you’re the only other summoner I’ve seen in a while so..."
al "Have you ever heard of demons appearing in your dreams?"
un surprised"…"
y simple"…"
q"You grab him by the scruff and plunge his head under the cold water until the life fades from his eyes and no more bubbles-"
Your narrations don’t instantly become reality, stay calm.
un sidee"Play it cool. Find a good excuse before you say anything."
y sadsmile"Yeah… I did."
un ang"NOT THAT WAY YOU IDIOT!"
y s"I heard there are demons that like to jump from person to person at night, but I doubt it’s much to worry about."
y "There are also sprites but I know even less about those."
al "Where did you hear this information, by the way?"
y sadsmile"Uhmm, folklore? Books? Yeah, let’s go with that."
al "Ah, makes sense, I didn’t have access to any Nightfallen information."
y simple"Why’s that?"
al "Let’s just say my family doesn’t like Nightfallen much."
y smug"Heh, we have that in common."
y "My mom was very against me being a hunter, she tried to change my mind but I wasn’t going to waste my potential."
y "And it’s a cool job."
al "Same here! What’s up with parents and their need for control?"
q"He smiles while asking."
q "A wide smile of relief, almost. Even his voice increased in confidence from this simple eye to eye revelation."
q"In the meantime… a familiar feeling takes root, something inside you is starting to ignite."
q "’I’m not catching actual feelings? Am I?’ You ponder."
q "And unfortunately for you, what’s happening might be worse than a spark of love."
y simple"W-what the hell is this?"
al "What was that?"
y awkward"N-nothing, I mean, let’s talk some more, haha, uhmm, what were you saying before? About dreams? That was craaazy, tell me more."
al "Oh, right, it’s nothing, if you say I shouldn’t worry. I just had some weird dreams for a while, but they stopped recently."
al "I do feel a bit silly that the thing appearing in them ended up influencing my decision to become a hunter. In retrospect it could’ve very well have been a random demon messing with my dreams."
al "Or just some playful sprites, like you said."
al "Sorry for rambling, we should probably pay more attention to what we’re doing."
q"Lust Rush fully initiated."
What the FUCK does that mean, Scribbles?
un worried"Okay, so, uhmmm, here’s what- okay, so, the thing is, alright, you see? Okay, first of all, promise not to get mad?"
I will go absolutely ballistic no matter what.
un relaxed"Ooookay… so, do you know how I can, like, manipulate the truth or hide things to avoid lying?"
Yeah?
un sidee"Weeeell, I did say you’ll get these horny impulses from time to time, but it seems like they’re growing much stronger than I anticipated."
They’re GROWING? We just met today!
un surprised"Y-yeah, of course! We met today… soooo, I’m not sure why this feeling is as strong as it is."
un sidee"I theorize it’s because your own lust is extremely high, and mixing with mine it shoots from under control."
So it’s partly my fault?
un "Not gonna point fingers but… yeah."
Then what do I do?!
un simple"You have two options: either find a way to relieve yourself, or tough it out and ignore it."
q "You look beside you at the dog’s soft smile and concentrated expression on the fish line."
un "Having someone to do it for you will give the best results, just so you know."
Damn it… I don’t wanna make a move on Alvy… That would be…
un bored"Weird?"
Too weird, even for me.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Ignore it
→ Go deal with it
--- END CHOICES ---

I… I have to push this feeling away.
It’s not like I have much of a choice.
I mean, I like Alvy, but I’m definitely not going that far with him so fast.
un simple"I’m not gonna argue with that, but what about that reindeer? He seemed down for some fun."
Sex with a random stranger? As hot as that sounds right now, I’ll pass.
un eyeroll"Ughh, at least go jerk off in the forest, or something."
You want me to do something too?
un suspicious"Yeah! I can feel this as well, you know? It’s not a pleasant feeling. I do want some kind of release."
un "But I’m not gonna pressure you into anything."
un bored"I know you’re gonna do bottom stuff anyway, so whether or not you do something it’s kind of whatever to me."
Then sorry, Scribbles, but I’ve decided to ignore it, final decision.
un "{i}*sigh*{/i} Fine, I’ll try to concentrate on narrating and not this torturous feeling."
al "Hey, you alright?"
al "You look… heated."
y tired"Yup, no, I’m totally fine, just a little in heat- I mean hot! From the sun that is."
al "Is it really that hot? Seems like average weather to me."
y "I’m a snow leopard, after all."
al "That is true, I don’t know much about other species, especially felines, as we stated."
Not gonna lie, that cold, crystal clear water is looking pretty nice right about now.
un suspicious"I hope you’re not thinking about jumping in…"
N-not… now, at least.
al "Hey, does this mean anything?"
q "The dog points at his fishing rod, with the tip bouncing up and down."
y surprised"YES! You caught one! Reel it in!"
al "On it!"
A distraction is very welcomed, just in time!
q "The dog struggles to find the lever and the coordination necessary to pull that off, but you don’t get to help him, as your own rod starts moving too."
y "I got one too!"
q "One rich mommy’s boy and an inexperienced city boy are trying their hardest not to lose some of the first catches of their lives."
q "The good news is that this adrenaline took away your mind from the Lust Rush, the bad news is that the narrator is reminding you about it, for some reason."
un bored"Sorry."
Fuck you.
al "He’s getting away, what do I do?!"
y "For starters don’t stop reeling!"
al "Is it not automated?!"
y angry"The expensive ones are automated! Ain’t nobody got that kind of money to waste around here!"
q "After about five more minutes of shouting and squirming around more than the actual fish you’re trying to catch, you’re finally rewarded."
al "I got it!"
y laugh"Yours is so much bigger! No wonder you were struggling, good job!"
al "What do I do now?"
y s"Well, take the hook out and throw it in the bucket, here."
al "Uhmm, touch it?"
y confused"Yeah? What else do you expect to do with it?"
al "It’s so much slimier than I thought."
al "AH! It moved again!"
y bored"Just give it to me, I’ll do it."
al "Thanks a lot."
al "I like Nightfallen, mammals, birds, lizards, snakes, but fish… I don’t get along with fish."
y s"Huh, for some reason, I feel like Tate might really like you."
blur 20
nu "Aww, look at them, they’re even cuter from up close."
nu "They even caught some fish already! Learning to kill so early on, it’s enough to bring a tear to my eye."
nu "Now how do I ruin their fun?"
nu "Oh! I see a pretty little thing hanging there at your leg, doggy."
nu "It would be a shame if the chain snapped suddenly."
nu "Oopsie daisy."
al "Do we continue or do we bring this to Mr. Terry?"
y pf"I am certainly not getting up."
This water is the only thing keeping my Lust in check right now.
And you’re looking more and more delicious…
Damn it! Snap out of it!
q "And with those words, the dog’s chain holding the ring snaps…"
What?
al "{size=*3}NO!{/size}" with hpunch
blur 20
q "Without hesitation or a warning, you immediately jump in after it."
q "You don’t know what it is, but you know it’s important to him."
q "Plus, it is the perfect excuse to cool off."
q "The current might not be visibly powerful, but it is more than enough to carry a small ring, especially when there is someone in the water agitating the floor."
y bored"I got it! I got it! I- that’s a bottle cap."
al "There!"
q "Seeing how you struggle to achieve anything, the dog finally lets his backpack go and jumps in the water as well."
q "Unfortunately, all this does is make two idiots wet instead of one, as the ring is long gone."
al "No no no, this can’t be, no!"
Scribbles! Please get it for us! I know you can!
un suspicious"What makes you think that?"
Come on! There’s nothing you can’t do! I’ll be in your debt!
un pride"Those words sure are sweet, a real delight to the ear."
q "Soon, the surface of the water starts to shimmer from the light reflected in the golden metal, as an object approaches at a rapid speed, unbeknownst to the dog, who’s still walking downstream just ahead of you, looking through the water in vain."
q "Right into the palm of your hand it lands."
y determined"Bingo."
y "HEY! HEY I FOUND IT!"
q "His ears spring up and he turns around with worry, which turns to childish happiness when he confirms your finding."
q "Was it the ring, or the dog’s excited feet that got to you faster? Hard to tell."
al "It’s- YES! That’s it! Thank you so much [name]!"
q "You hand it to him carefully to not drop it again."
q "After a quick inspection, he lunges at you! Biting your neck and tearing apart yo- wait, never mind, he’s just hugging you."
q "A warm and very tight hug, from someone that really likes you."
al "Thank you… it means so much."
y ec"It was nothing, really. I’m glad I could be of help."
al "How did you find it? I swear I saw it further away."
y "Magic!"
al "I need to learn some spells of my own too."
al "I’ve always been told my magic pool is big, but never tested it much outside of summoning."
al "Could be handy for times like this."
al "Uhmm, do you mind, doing that thing-"
q "He points at his broken chain where the ring once was."
y s"Oh, sure, no problem."
Scribbles! Repair this please.
un bored"Clean this, fetch that, repair this… I think I’m just a glorified maid at this point."
q "Nevertheless, the chain gets magically reinstated using a chunk of your magic."
y simple"Are you sure you wanna put it back? Why did it fall in the first place?"
al "I’m not totally sure. But I don’t have a better place to put it."
y "Your backpack?"
al "Not a good idea…"
y "Your finger?"
al "Uhmm, it doesn’t fit."
al "It’s alright, as long as I don’t stand over a river everything is fine."
y smug"Right… so I take you’re not in the mood for more fishing?"
al "I’m neither in the right mind state, nor physical state for that."
y s"We did catch two pretty big fish though."
y "We should bring them to Terry, as well as the rods."
al "Speak of the reindeer-"
te "What the hell happened here?"
q "The man appears behind you, with an amused expression on, trying to at least seem more concerned with words."
te "Did the fish drag you both into the water?"
te "Wouldn’t surprise me actually, you are very small."
al "Compared to you, probably..."
y pf"No, we had another type of accident, jewelry in water kind of accident."
te "Ah, and it required two bodies to retrieve?"
y "Well, you see-"
te "You know what? It’s not my business and not the time."
te "You’re both soaked and shivering. Come on, in my cabin you go to dry and warm up, no excuses."
y sadsmile"I-if you say so, thanks, Mr. Terry."
This is torture! {i}‘Lust’{/i} my ass! This is not any feeling known to man, it’s wild and dangerous in every sense of the words.
I wish I could ignore it, but I’m not strong enough.
un "Plus, he would absolutely notice that massive erection and the fidgeting you keep doing."
Thanks for reinforcing my choice.
y lust"H-hey, can you keep an eye on my rod as well?"
al "Hmm? Yeah, sure, are you going somewhere?"
y "Uhmm, I’m going to the bathroom real quick... and I’ll bring the fish we caught to Mr. Terry in the meantime... soooo, I’ll be gone for a couple of minutes, okay? Yeah! Bye!"
al "But we didn’t even catch anything yet..."
q "You quickly get to your feet, making sure your butt is always directed towards the dog, so your other hard rod isn’t visible, and put on your shoes. As wet as your paws are, there is just not enough time for logic."
q "Not enough time to even pick up the empty bucket you said you’ll take with you."
Fuck the bucket.
un "Oh I know you would."
un simple"But if we’re really not fucking a bucket, what are we fucking? Serious question."
y tired"I-I don’t know, let’s just go further into the woods and we’ll figure it out then."
un sidee"I do like an improvised plan."
q "Although it seems other plans appear unexpectedly."
te "Hey, [name], where you goin’ lad?"
te "There’s nothing but the barrier and wild animals over there."
q "Most of your pure and clear thoughts get wiped away each second, and now… you barely care of consequences."
q "You know what you must do, and oh boy, it sure isn’t what you are about to do."
y hurt3"Hey Terry, I was actually looking for you."
y "I thought a stud like you might be exercising those muscles in the forest with a tree and axe somewhere."
te "Oh! Well, I uhm, I’m done with most of the hard labor I planned for today."
te "Now I just need do some chores, then perhaps go to town-"
Scribbles! Analyze his lust levels!
un squint"Do I look like a fucking advanced AI or something? Just ask him if he wants to fuck."
y hurt3"Go to town on me instead."
un bored"Not that forward..."
te "What?"
y awkward"What?"
y blush"I mean, so much work? I didn’t hear any time left free for relaxation."
te "Me? Relax? Only if there is a good reason if I were to… uhm, aghem, to-"
q "His eyes can’t help but wander up and down your body as the conversation goes on: at your shifting, unresting legs, playfully swinging tail and of course, the fully exposed erection with no trial of covering it up."
y smug"I could give you a good reason, if you want."
te "You’re very cute lad, but I don’t know-"
y hurt3"You did mention we could come by whenever just to see you."
y "I’d love to know you better. Really explore you deeply."
q "It might just be your vision filled with hearts and pink shading, but you swear you see him blush more and more and begin to crack."
te "That I did."
y smug"And you said nobody ever visits, you must be pretty pent up working so much."
te "The brothels in town are no jok-"
y lust"And I think you’re extremely hot, please let me do this for you."
te "Alright, hah, I admit, you got me weak in the knees, can’t say no to such a cutie."
Victory!
te "But I warn ya, you better have a lot of experience back there, because I’m not quite on the small side."
y smug"That is perfect for me."
te "Follow me then."
q"Perfect for you and not so great for the Lust Rush, as your heart starts pounding faster and harder than that man will be pounding you in just a few moments."
These mental images don’t help calming me down.
un ang"You think I’m trying to calm you down? I’m just as needy and down bad as you are!"
That’s fair.
q "He opens the door for you with an inviting gesture, and just to test the waters, he squeezes your ass cheek as you walk by."
te "Let me get some stuff from the bedroom, there’s a bathroom down the hall if you need preparing."
y ec"Roger."
te "It’s Terry."
y simple"No I- eh, never mind."
q "He walks out with a smirk and as soon as he disappears, your clothes do too."
un simple"Wow! Everything out in three seconds? Guess it’s really affecting you big time."
y lust"I don’t have time to waste, I need that man to breed me."
y "Now, magic prep me, Scribbles."
un bored"How do you know I can do that?"
y angry"A Lust demon must know that much at least, now do it!"
un suspicious"Alright... but I can’t stretch you, not with magic at least, maybe if we met in real life we cou-"
y tired"Doesn’t matter, there is no size he can be that would stop us."
y lust"This Lust Rush is working like a drug already, I can barely feel my legs as is, if he can fuck me so good I start feeling again, that’s a win."
un bored"I think-"
y surprised"Shh, I hear him coming!"
un squint"I… I’m inside your head, I don-"
y angry"SHHH!"
un bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
q "You turn around and lean on the table, as the heavy footsteps of the reindeer enter the room."
q "You look back, seeing him almost naked, a simple pair of underwear being the only layer between you and the gigantic shaft that’s growing in there."
te "My, you really are impatient, and here I thought we’d start slow."
y lust"Trust me, I would love to unwrap that present slowly and choke on it for hours before getting to the real show, but I have a friend waiting for me."
And a ticking Lust bomb.
q "He blushes at your words, even if he’s very much into the whole ordeal, he’s still getting slightly embarrassed."
te "I suppose there’s no time to waste then."
te "In truth I really was planning on shoving it down your throat first, but seeing you so good and ready for me like that, I think I can’t wait either."
te "How much preparation do you think you need."
y smug"Me? Stretch for a dick? I think you’re underestimating me. The initial pain is the most fun part, the best way to really take in the girth."
te "Spoken like a true professional who knows what he wants. Those people will have a blast with you at that academy."
te "But are you really sure your ego is as big as your ass?"
y simple"What do you-"
q "At that moment, he takes off his underwear revealing something truly intimidating, even with all the Lust rushing through your blood."
y blush2"Oh… MY."
q "Wet, dripping equine cock, with pulsing veins and massive balls, full of ready to inject seed, no doubt. Does it make sense? Should he biologically own something like that as a reindeer? Should he LEGALLY own something so monstrous?"
q "Useless questions, all you can really think of is the anguish of your guts about to be rearranged and the moans of your prostate ready to get a beating."
q "Your feet start to shuffle as you arch your back more and more. You turn your head over your shoulder, then the other shoulder, then turn around completely to take it all in with your eyes."
y "It’s-"
te "Close your mouth boy, you’re drooling."
te "I know it’s big, got all the compliments I ever needed long ago."
te "Still as confident? I understand if you wanna back down, as you said, there isn’t much time to stretch you."
q "You close your mouth and turn back around with determination."
y smug"Back down? How about you pin me down and show me what you got, old man."
y "The bigger it is, the tighter I’ll squeeze, that’s all there is to it."
y "Bet I can drain your balls before I’m even close too."
te "Oh, I’ll show you ‘old man’."
q "He approaches rapidly and looms over you as you remain bent over the table, essentially pinning you down with his weight alone, some of his weight, at least."
q "You get yet another horrifying experience, when he rests his heavy shaft between your ass and along your spine."
te "Really wanted to go easy on you, but there are just so many things one can say to truly prove their skills."
te "Let’s pray it wasn’t all just horny overconfidence, ey?"
q "With a loud chuckle, he grabs both your arms and yanks you back."
q "Then pulls his hips away, until the tip of his cock is aligned with your hole, applying pressure on the entrance."
te "Feel that? You feel how wide that tip is? That’s how much your insides will be stretched."
q "Before waiting for an answer, the man pushes in."
q "His well lubricated shaft quickly gets swallowed by your hungry hole, until his balls slap your thighs."
te "Ooohh, good boy. You took me balls deep so quick, but man are you a tight one."
te "Might as well drain me dry with this type of squeezing."
y lust"Mmmhhm MHhm..."
q "Beginning to move, his thrusts are deep and calculated, but not as rough as you expected."
q "Despite the teasing and the threats, he knows the difference between pain and rough play."
q "Although with this Lust Rush, nothing but pleasure courses through you anyway."
q "What you do feel, is the rising bump in your stomach, that you’d love to feel with your hands if that man wasn’t using them as handles to deliver his blows harder."
q "You can’t complain either way, still hot as ever."
te "Feels good, doesn’t it?"
q "He whispers, getting closer to your ear, almost nibbling at it, but not slowing the pace even a little."
y hurt3"Ah! Ah! Ah! Oughh..."
te "This dick got you nonverbal, huh?"
y "Mmm..."
te "It’s ok sweetie, I’m getting close."
te "Gonna fill you up reaaal soon."
te "You’re about to thank me for all this breeding when I’m done with you."
q "The man’s grunts intensify with each second and your moans grow louder together with the slapping noises happening in the back."
q "His powerful, meaty thighs make your ass jiggle with every slap, and waves of pleasure are ripped away from you."
q "As the reindeer thrusts grew more wild and unrestrained, the sound of wet slapping echoed through the cabin."
q "You could feel the tightness in his body, telling you his release was imminent."
q "And then, with a loud roar, he starts to fill you up with immense pressure. His hot, thick cum flooded your insides, much deeper than even his tip could reach."
q "With each spurt, you could feel the warmth spreading, coating the walls of your ass. The volume was impressive, it felt like he was releasing a reservoir of seed inside of you."
q "Even in this besotted state of yours, you can swear that he’s flaring up still inside your guts."
q "He keeps thrusting, throwing his head back as he groans, louder with each pulse."
q "The feeling of fullness is almost overwhelming, the sensation of his seed inside of you makes your cock stiffen and twitch with excitement, it truly feels like a dream."
q "About cumming yourself? Not to worry, that stud made you cum twice before he was finished."
q "Something you didn’t even realize at first, but are very grateful for."
q "When he finally came to a stop, you could still feel the warmth of his cum inside of you."
q "It was a strange yet deeply satisfying feeling. A mixture of pleasure and disbelief courses through you."
q "With each inch of Terry’s cock, still half-hard, that he’s pulling out, you start to regain your senses."
q "The rose painted, painless, horny world disappears slowly, and your mind goes back to being as logical as it could be."
q "Finally, leaving a small trail of cum behind, his indeed flared up cock gets pulled out with a loud pop, and extra moans from both parties. Then he rests on a chair next to you, panting from the effort."
te "{i}*Huff Huff*{/i}"
y tired"{i}*Huff*{/i} God…"
te "Excuse my language, but that was fucking amazing."
te "Haven’t had tail like that in years."
te "Thanks for doing this, you’re a real one, with great talent nonetheless."
te "Hmm? You ok there?"
y "Aha… totally fine."
y "Just- Need a sec- To feel my legs."
blur 20
q "Your legs are shaking like a newborn calf and your eyes are teary."
q "As much as you enjoyed getting roughly fucked, the Lust drug is long gone, and the consequences of not preparing in the slightest, as well as… well, getting an equine cock balls deep, are starting to show."
te "Haha, I’m sorry, did I overdo it?"
y tired"Nope! I’m totally fine, I asked for this, I can take it."
y "But I’m not sure I can hold all of your cum inside me for long, it almost burns."
te "Oh, right, the bathroom is just over there and around the corner."
te "Don’t you worry, I’ll clean the mess here, you just clean yourself