label alvyday3:
That night, sleep was hard to find again.
Not only are we both plagued by weird dreams and nightmares, the waking world decides to throw sidequests like these at us as well...
y worried"We have to, I already promised!"
al "No you didn’t! He didn’t wait for you to say the most important part before accepting!"
al "'I’m sorry, Dallan, but Alvy won’t be able to do it, I’ll do it alone.'"
y "Wa- I can’t possibly do it alone!"
al "Then just say no!"
y "You know as well as I do that there is no way of refusing this."
y "People don’t typically call you at 5 AM to replace them in a job you have zero experience in if it’s not a big emergency."
al "Ok, I understand the slayers have to deal with a ton of new recruits, Therium isn’t very good with crowdwork, or something vague along those lines, and the others are dealing with some mysterious problems but…"
al "Why me of all people?"
al "I don’t know them at all!"
al "I don’t think Dallan ever even saw my face before!"
al "How am I supposed to ‘present the battles’?!"
y bored"Since you’re arguing so much with me, you should have no problem screaming like that into a microphone."
al "I shout because I like you, and we’re friends, and I don’t fear that... you’ll leave me if I shout…"
al "That sounds pretty messed up."
y simple"Yeah…"
y "In any case-"
y sadsmile"I’ll be there too, we’ll do it together!"
al "Do YOU know how to do it?"
y ec"We read a bunch of names and shout out the victors, how hard can it be?"
al "What about commentary? Do we provide that as well?"
y pf"Uhmm, yyyee- oo? No? Yes… maybe."
al "See?!"
y sadsmile"Dallan said someone will be there to explain stuff to us, so we shouldn’t panic nor prepare in any major way."
y "I trust him, and you trust me, right?"
al "{i}sigh...{/i}"
al "I guess so."
al "But I’m still not good at public speaking…"
y ec"Neither am I."
y "But it will surely be fun!"
al "Fun is relative."
y "We’re gonna be like fireworks. Everyone has fun when there are fireworks above their heads."
al "Fireworks are loud and unpredictable."
y "And that’s what we’ll be! We’ll be loud, unpredictable, fun and… dare I say… dangerous?"
al "What are you planning on doing there, exactly?"
y "No idea…"
d "I’m really sorry to have to call you, I know we only met two days ago but people love you! You seem to integrate very well, so it shouldn’t be a problem, right? Please, please, please say yes!"
y2 "What? Present the battles?"
y2 "Is nobody else available?"
d "Chelsie and Merina will be away for a while as well."
al "Therium?"
d "He… isn’t the best choice for that. Trust me, we’ve tried in the past."
d "And don’t even try to suggest Haima and Oliver."
y2 "Yeah, Haima’s surprisingly shy."
d "Uhm, no, they actually get way, way too into it."
y2 "oh."
al "Anyone else…?"
d "Well there’s usually Monty… but he’s in the hospital."
d "But fret not! Merina will be back ASAP to help you when she’s done!"
d "You’ll only start the battles, make sure the Headmaster is comfortable and the first years have a great first impression."
y2 "Can’t you at least tell us what you’re doing that you can’t come?"
d "It’s a secret… honestly I’m still in the dark on a lot of things as well."
d "Someone will meet you before the battles start to guide you some more."
al "Wait, did you say the Headmaster will be there too?"
d "Most likely-"
d "Oh, sorry, I have another call on the line. But that should be all. Thank you so much for doing this [name] and Alvy! It means the world to me!"
al "WAIT I-"
pause 3.0
d "Hey, what’s up? You’re not sleeping? Tate didn’t try to go alone, did he?"
a "You’re not the only one to work at night, you know? And no, he’s here."
d "Here?"
a "I’m… staying with him for a while."
d "Awww."
a "{size=*0.5}Shut the fuck up.{/size}"
d "No, no! I’m honestly so glad. At least there’s someone to keep him from going solo."
A "Yeah, and because of this I can’t really separate for the night, you know?"
a "Thus I’m calling to ask which one you want for tomorrow."
d "Can’t both of you come?"
a "No. I’ll have to split in the morning. Plus, I have some problems of my own to solve. You’ll have to choose whichever one would be the least destructive."
d "We’re going to meet Nightfallen so… I think I’d rather have someone with a short temper than someone who can’t hold it in their pants, no offense."
a "That’s not- *sigh* I’ve gotta give you more details of how this works… but fine by me."
d "Oh, by the way, they actually agreed!"
A "Did they agree or did you not give them a chance to back out?"
d "I… I’m not sure, couldn’t see their faces, but they didn’t say no, so that’s something!"
d "Should I maybe call them back and confirm ooor-"
A "No, they’ll figure it out, this is more important than some battle announcements."
A "I really don’t care about impressing the Headmaster."
d "You’re right, on the first part, at least. Well, good night then, for what remains of it anyway."
A "Take care."
y pf"Alright, think..."
y "Hmmm… how do we become better at public speaking in just a couple hours?"
q"You watch the dog pacing nervously through the room, biting his claws."
q"You share so many things in common: body type, both nerdy scrawny boys, anxious and timid, but why is this feeling so much stronger in him?"
al "You should know. You’re the social butterfly that all the leaders like."
y simple"I just happened to accidentally network my way into their little friend group cracks."
y "You should try it. All it takes is saying ‘Hi’ every once in a while instead of disappearing with dimensional Nightfallen magic."
al "It also helps when you’re extremely good looking…"
y shoked"I- huh? You-"
y "You don’t think you’re not good looking, do you?"
al "I don’t… know, I- *sigh*"
al "I’m going to take a cold bath."
al "A-alone this time."
y happy1"BECAUSE YOU ARE!"
y s"…"
y "Have fun…"
y pf"Scribbles, what would you rate Alvy on a scale from 1 to 10?"
un "I’m not participating in your rating kink."
y bored"THAT’S NOT- *sigh*."
y simple"I think he’s very handsome, in any case, and cute."
un sidee"I could agree, but you’re more exotic."
y "It’s not really a competition I was starting here."
y "But thanks?"
y "I was just like that not long ago; very scared of any kind of social interactions."
y "If Dallan told me to be the spokesperson of the Academy last week, I would’ve left the country."
y sadsmile"Now… I’m excited for it."
un bored"Misery loves company."
y simple"What do you mean?"
un "You finally met someone that’s even worse than you at socializing, as a result you forced yourself to be the talkative one of the duo."
un "Perceived responsibility."
un "In a group, the strongest will protect the weak against a formidable foe even if they know there is no choice."
y worried"But how do I get Alvy to follow my lead?"
y simple"I could bribe him with something he likes…"
y "hmmm."
y smug"Scribbles, I might need your new out of body power to scout for something..."
un eyeroll"Here we go again…"
y sadsmile"I just need to know something, to know if I should ask him-"
al "Aghhh."
al "Why am I letting him do whatever he wants with me?"
al "Why can’t I put my foot down?"
ring "… … …?"
al "I- maybe? Maybe I do like doing these new and exciting things, deep down."
al "I mean, the fishing was nice."
al "I even sat mostly naked in a stranger’s house and had lunch with them."
al "That sounds so much scarier than it actually was."
al "Maybe this won’t be… so bad?"
al "It’s probably for the best that I don’t get much of a choice in the matter, as annoying as this can get."
ring "… …. …. ."
al"Obviously I’m not leaving him."
al "And you don’t want that either."
al "Otherwise, you would’ve listened to me the day we met and transported me away from him when I told you."
al "I’m with him because of circumstance and because I got attached a lot and very fast."
al "I still have no idea why {b}you{/b} want to be around him so bad."
al "Maybe I should just give you to him…"
ring "… …!!!"
al "Heh, sorry! It was a joke, I wouldn’t give you up like that."
al "But seriously, he’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me."
al "I... I really *really* like him."
al "How do I show him that?"
ring "..."
al "Without touching… that is."
ring "… ….?"
al "Well duh. Presenting the battles with him is basically mandatory at this point."
al "But I did make a bit of a scene of not wanting to do it… didn’t I?"
al "I wonder if he even believes I can do it. If he truly believes it or he’s just encouraging me."
ring "… …"
al "…"
al "I hate that you have a point with that."
al "I have to man up for him, at least this once."
al "I swore before that I was not going to put myself in the spotlight any time soon, but what’s the worst that can happen?"
al "I mean… they could find me."
al "Wouldn’t want that, that’s for sure."
al "Sooner or later, I’ll be exposed anyway, so that fear can be ignored at this point."
al "There is this interesting calmness that appears when you let your problems be, and accept the consequences they bring."
al "A clear mind under water really does solve overthinking."
al "Oh, wait... I didn't even undress yet."
al "I just need to prove to him I’m not that plagued by anxiety as much as I made it sound."
al "I think I can start by making the first move, at least."
al "hmmm maybe if I ask..."
pause 2.0
yal aly "Hey, do you wanna grab a bite?\nHey, would you like to go eat?"
yal aly2"!"
yal aly3"Heehee.\nHahah."
Q "And so the two twinks went out into the quiet, morning town. Finding a nice little restaurant that was by no mere coincidence picked by the leopard."
Q "Which of course he found with a little help."
Un cry"*Huff Huff* How am I so exhausted while he’s totally fine?! That’s not fair!"
Un "I flew through half the city for him, I was preparing to laugh in his face when his legs give in and he falls down in defeat because I used too much of our shared energy…"
Un sidee"But I guess this bond is evolving faster than I expected. *Huff*"
y "You’ll love this place, especially since it’s so quiet."
al "Quiet… my favorite thing, I suppose you’re technically right…"
al "Do we get to sit down and order here?"
y sadsmile"Yeah, is that a problem?"
al "Not at all."
al "Not at aaall…"
al "I have to ask, why here of all places?"
y "No reason… I just heard they serve fruit sandwiches here."
al "Huh. I am flattered you went to such lengths, truly."
y smug"Hey, it’s not a big deal, besides,  you clocked my preferred soda flavor so fast, the least I could do was find a place with your favorite food."
al "You’ve been here two days, how did you find this place?"
y awkward"The internet, duh."
al "Flaunt your phone privileges while you can, city boy."
al "I’ll try not to inquire further, just because this falls into my plans as well."
y pf"What kind of masterful plan have you concocted? Because I was sure you’d be against having breakfast outside of your new, shiny home."
y happy1"I thought I’d have to drag you here myself."
al "I’m not that against the idea of being in public, at least not anymore…"
al "Oooh, mango sandwich..."
y s"Have you decided on a drink too? I’ll signal the waiter-"
al "NO! W-wait-"
y simple"Oh, sorry, I won’t attract attention to us if you don’t-"
al "That’s not it, I want to do it."
y shoked"Oh. Don’t let me stop you then."
q"The dog raises his paw, starting to sweat."
al "Waiter!"
q "An eager ashy pelt cat approaches your table."
Q "It looks like he just finished washing some coffee cups, drying his paws on his apron and taking out a small notebook."
seb "Good morning."
seb "Are you ready to order?"
y pf"Do I want something for energy, something for hydration or… just something fun."
y "{size=*0.6}Morning wine…?{/size} {size=*0.3}I shouldn’t…{/size}"
al "Hi, good morning. Mind if I don’t give you my name? For confidentiality."
y simple"You don’t have to-"
seb "Oh, sure thing. We don’t require those anyway. Mine isn’t a secret though, Sebastian, at your disposal."
seb "And you’ll have?"
al "Right, I’ll just have this mango sandwich please."
seb "Great choice!"
al "Is it? I heard a lot of people find it a weird combo."
Q "The cat looks a bit confused, unsure of what to say."
seb "Y-yeah, of course, anything on the menu is a great choice."
y pf"How about a glass of Rosé?"
seb "Uhmm, maybe not in the morning?"
y "Touche."
seb "Right, so, beverage?"
al "Ughh-"
al "I… haven’t even looked at those."
al "I’ll just-"
al "What’s today’s special?"
y sadsmile"I don’t think they have specials, it’s a café."
seb "We don’t offer specials but we do have some items that are the most popular, I would recommend one of those."
al "I’ll take that then, the most popular one."
seb "Great, a large iced Latte coming right up."
y simple"Oh, he doesn’t-"
al "N-no! It’s fine, I locked in my answer, I’ll order that."
seb "Alright. And oh, almost forgot. Unfortunately, we ran out of mangos. Would you like to switch the order to the other fruit sandwich we’re offering?"
al "The… keylime one?"
seb "It’s actually our bestseller."
al "I mean, yeah, sure, if it’s not too much of a problem."
seb "Noted. I’m the only one working today, so excuse the extra minutes of preparation."
q "With the order taken, the white cat turns with quiet grace and drifts off between the empty tables, tail swaying like a curtain closing."
Q "You turn to your partner with a slightly disappointed, but more so worried look."
y worried"Alvy…"
al "What? I’m fine, why are you asking?"
y "You *hate* lemons."
al "Uhh, It’s… lime? Very different."
y bored"Name three things that are different."
al "It's... green, uhh-"
y "Very convincing."
al "No matter, I don’t *hate* them! Just kind of dislike them, heavily…"
y simple"And you know the Latte has coffee in it. I thought you prefer tea."
al "It’s a café, maybe their coffee is different."
al "I’m open to new things."
y angry"You hate new things!"
al "I don’t want to create problems."
seb "I am so sorry. In my rush I completely forgot to ask about your order."
seb "Even after years of experience in retail and pleasuring customers I can still be forgetful."
y ec"I know that feeling, it happens."
y "I’ll have the stack of pancakes with extra syrup, and the banana milkshake."
seb "Glad we got that sorted, sorry again."
Q "Once more, you two are mesmerized by the swaying of his white tail in those graceful hip movements."
y simple"What were we… oh right-"
y sad"I should really apologize."
al "To Sebastian? Do you think he feels that bad about his mistake?"
al "It was a bit unprofessional but not a big deal."
y worried"No! To you!"
y sad"I really shouldn’t have dragged you here, it didn’t even cross my mind it might be the first time you went to a restaurant."
y "Even if it’s just a café."
al "Are you forgetting we had the same idea at the same time?"
y "Yeah but, it’s still my duty as your designated modern day educator to let you know about basic stuff like this."
y worried"You probably feel terrible about this interaction."
al "[name]…"
y "I should’ve just ordered for you, or at least intervened to help when I notice you derailing."
al "[name]."
y sad"*sigh* Maybe it’s not too late to cancel our order, or maybe we’ll just take them to go and eat at home, you’ll be more comfortable-"
al "[NAME]!"
q "The dog’s chair scrapes against the floor as he shoots up, ears hot and face burning. For someone trying to stay invisible, he’s making quite the announcement."
y shoked"Hey, hey, easy, someone might-"
al "I don’t give a {i}FUCK{/i} about other’s eyes on me right now!" with hpunch
y simple"Oh ok. Wow."
al "Not while you’re here at least!"
al "Don’t you get it?"
al "You’re right, I’m a failure, a shut in, a wild animal that just saw people for the first time."
al "I hate this, I hate the spotlight, and I don’t know how to behave in basic situations because I’m just so unreasonably afraid."
al "But if I’m with you… I don’t even care."
al "I just like being around you, whether it’s embarrassing myself in a restaurant, or presenting some battles that I’m DEFINITELY underqualified for."
y simple"I-"
al "No! Let me finish-"
al "I know I made a scene this morning about not wanting to be a host, but I was just trying to get you out of it while saving my own pelt as well."
al "I’d rather be surrounded by thousands of people knowing you’re close, than be alone in my cold, empty house."
al "I know it sounds lame, I’m just such a lame guy and I’m so lucky to have you around my boring, lame self."
al "And I don’t want a response right now for all of this, I just wanted you to not worry about me."
al "Just don’t leave and I’ll be alright through any circumstance, I promise!"
seb "Is… is this a bad time?"
al "Fudge."
seb "Hey, don’t be embarrassed, I can hear anything you say even behind the counter, the space is small and echo-y."
al "That makes me feel much better, for sure…"
seb "I can also come back later if-"
y ec"No, this is the perfect time actually."
y "Because if I don’t respond with words, I at least want to show you this neat trick."
Q "You gesture for the waiter. Plates touch the table: a stack of pancakes and a frothy banana shake for you, a key lime sandwich and iced latte for the dog."
Q "Then you quickly switch the plates around."
y "Dessert for breakfast is one of your favorites, after all, and I love me some coffee in the morning."
y "So I didn’t really try to change what you ordered."
Q "He melts into his seat blushing more by the second, and the polite white cat standing over him doesn’t help his situation."
al "…"
al "Thank you."
seb "Anything else I can get you?"
y simple"Ah, could I get some sugar packets for this?"
seb "Absolutely."
al "I don’t think you should eat any more sugar…"
y pf"Am I getting that fat?"
al "N-no, because you’re already very sweet. Maybe I shouldn’t try to flirt."
y blush"No! No. When my brain works normally I love words like that, especially from you."
y sadsmile"Do you really not want me to respond to what you said earlier?"
al "You already responded with this gesture."
al "And this milkshake is so good… please try it."
Q "You slide it over to yourself and take a sip."
y s"Mmm, I think it has mango in it too, probably mango juice."
y sadsmile"But this wasn’t really a response to your grandiose statement, it was just… something to show that I care about you and take notice in how you behave and what you like."
y smug"Now that I know you’ll do anything as long as I’m here-"
al "I did not say it like that."
y "I’ll get you in sooo much trouble."
al "But you’re not a troublemaker!"
y smug"Uhmm, I got familiar with the inside of a jail cell before my own dorm."
al "That was mostly my fault."
y "We already agreed it was also my fault for not guiding you properly."
al "And here I thought he said you’re a safe bet."
y pf"Who’s he? You know other men?"
al "He also said you can be a bit jealous at times."
al "It’s just my friend."
y shoked"Nightfallen friend?"
al "You think I’d make friends with a real person aside from you?"
y s"Terry is your friend now."
al "I… guess so."
y smug"And Luis."
al "He sure is interested in me."
y ec"And if we do this task nicely, Dallan, Aiden and Tate will be your friends too, I’m sure."
al "Why all three? We’re only doing this favor for Dallan."
y s"They come as a bonded pair."
al "Ah."
y "I also really wanna meet those Nightfallen friends of yours."
al "You said that already, and I really want you to…"
y s"But?"
al "It’s complicated… I don’t know how he’ll react really, and we can’t exactly summon inside the barrier anyway, you know?"
y "Then we’ll go out!"
al "No! I really can’t."
y worried"Why not? I know, I know, I asked this before as well, but maybe our relationship grew enough for you to open up about it?"
al "This isn’t a choose your own adventure novel, [name], it’s a bit more complicated."
y simple"You could’ve said videogame."
al "I only heard of those, never interacted."
Q "You slam your head against the table." with hpunch
al "A-are you okay?"
Q "With quivering thighs and a blushing face, you hold your paws at your mouth, trying not to shed a tear."
y hurt2"It’s just… a huge wave of dopamine and euphoria rushed over me, thinking of all the fun things I can introduce someone like you to."
al "Please don’t ruin my innocence."
y hurt3"Hey, I’m the virgin here, you’re already less innocent than me."
y "Don’t worry, my plans won’t have drugs involved."
al "That does not ease my worry by a lot, knowing you."
y worried"Goodness, you probably don’t even know what a meme is…"
al "A what?"
y scream"Agh!"
Q "Your heart pounds faster, like you just fell in love for the first time."
Q "But that’s impossible, you think, he’s not even naked, he has a milkshake mustache and looks at you with the dumbest… cutest, most innocent expression ever."
Q "You have the urge to hug him, to hug him tight, tight enough to squeeze all the air out, to wrap him up in your own shirt and preserve him under your wing for all eternity."
y simple"I… I can’t believe I’m saying this, I think I just had a glimpse of what your parents saw in you."
al "Is… that a good thing?"
y sad"No. No no no, very bad."
y "Sounds good at first, to trick you! But it’s actually very bad."
al "Ooook?"
y ec"That’s why I’ll do the complete opposite of what they did."
y "I will show you the world and have you experience everything, mark my words."
al "…"
al "I’m afraid that getting out of the barrier will trigger some kind of location tracking device my parents put on me."
y simple"…"
y "What?"
al "Congrats, you reached that extra point in your ‘videogame’ and unlocked this piece of lore about me."
y shoked"What makes you think you have a tracking device?"
al "It’s just hard for me to believe they didn’t expect me to run away at some point."
al "The barrier is keeping all signals inside, from any device, so as long as I’m inside, if there is something on me, they can’t find me."
al "My.. uhh, dream ‘Demon’ friend told me that."
y "How did you get here without them seeing it?"
al "My friend used his magic. When he uses his mobility spell, we get transported through this other dimension, or something."
al "Sorry, not super into magic, I studied mana but not spells."
y simple"It makes sense, in any case."
y s"Do you want me to remove it?"
al "You can do that?"
Un "{i}Can{/i} you do that?"
I can’t, but you sure can.
Q "The dog turns around, tail already wagging."
al "If it exists it’s probably somewhere in the back."
Un bored"Uhh, no way, Jose."
What do you mean no? Pretty pleaaaaase? Please with a cherry on tooop?
Un "Your twinky charm and pathetic begging will not help you this time, because I literally can’t."
Un "I’m too weak at the moment."
y angry"What the FUCK do you mean?!"
al "Something wrong?"
y awkward"S-sorry, no, juust need to concentrate."
Un "There are things happening at the moment, stars aligning, destinies being written, voodoo shit, I don’t know."
Un "There are changes happening to both of us that is leaving me with little power."
Un "I can still do some things, but don’t expect any more cleaning, repairing, or finding spells."
Fuck…
y "A-actually, you know what? I don’t wanna make your head explode by accident. It’s better I don’t even try."
al "That’s a possibility?"
al "I seriously need to learn spells."
al "Well, thanks for offering anyway."
al "My mother will probably find me eventually with or without this possible tracker, she probably wants me back, or worse, she couldn’t care less about me and wants her ring back by any means."
al "Or maybe I’m just exaggerating everything and she’s just too busy to care about anything."
al"I mean, who’s this sleeper agent she could’ve hired? Sebastian? Heh."
y shoked"Oh my God."
al"What?"
y "It’s Bean."
al "Don’t scare me like that!"
y laugh"Think about it! Nobody would suspect him."
y sadsmile"I’m sorry to say Alvy… those sandwiches yesterday were poisoned."
al "Stoooop!"
y pf"Hmm, speaking of Sebastian actually, where the heck is he?"
y "I already finished my Latte, bitter as it was."
y s"Our conversation just made it all the sweeter."
al "We’re overusing the ‘sweet’ compliment."
y simple"Perhaps."
Q "As if speaking of the devil, the cat comes out of the staff’s door and hurries towards your table, taking a few sugar packets from the counter on his way."
Q "He’s looking disheveled, messy and even sweaty, his glasses crooked on his snout in a cartoonish way combined with heavy breaths."
seb "A…apologies for the wait…*huff*, do… do you still need sugar?"
y simple"Actually I’m done with the coffee."
seb "I’m very sorry, a loyal customer from one of my other jobs came around with some requests. I tried explaining I’m off the coc- CLOCK! but he sure is good at persuading, hah."
y "Does a barista not pay enough? We got some pretty good money with just a few hours of table service."
seb "It’s a fine job, I just like to use my skills in many different places."
seb "I love interacting with people, being around them and studying them."
seb "I work as a barista here, a server at Sea-in-a-Shell, up by the coast, a barman at Dragon’s Cavern and… oh! I’m a licensed therapist as well."
seb "Although I don’t practice much, only on request."
seb "I heard you have some, uhmm, worries about an upcoming public event? Maybe I could help."
al "How do you know that?"
seb "My… client from earlier asked nicely if I could extend my knowledge to you. If you want, of course."
y pf"Weird things are happening and I don’t know if I like it."
al "I do. What do you suggest we could do to get over our stage fright?"
seb "A bit of a cliché advice, but I think an easy way to do that is to imagine the audience as something or someone less scary or intimidating."
seb "I heard earlier you said something about being able to go through anything as long as your friend is with you, well, imagine you’re having a conversation with him, instead of a crowd."
al "That… makes a lot of sense, it could work, but I think it’s easy to think that way now, but the fear will come back once I’m there."
y s"Put on some sunglasses?"
al "I’d like some more serious suggestions at the moment."
seb "He’s actually quite on point there."
al "oh."
seb "The less you see your crowd the better it will be."
seb "You, on the other hand, might have a better chance imagining everyone naked."
y blushmad"Uhmm, maybe I also use the power of friendship to get over my fright, you don’t know me!"
seb "You’re [name] [name2], aren’t you?"
y bored"God damn it."
seb "I’m quite familiar with you."
y pf"How? Just who are you or these clients of yours?"
seb "Here’s the cheque. Hope I helped at least a little bit."
al "You really did."
y bored"I won’t admit that, but thanks."
y pf"And leave those sugar packets…"
q "Plates scraped clean and glasses emptied, the dog reached for it on instinct, but your hand was already there, firm and casual. For a second, Alvy’s ears drooped, pride bristling against reality, then he let go. Gratitude softened the edge, even if the blush on his face lingered."
Q" You covered the bill with ease, a small smile as if to say it wasn’t up for debate."
al "I got some money now, you know…?"
y sadsmile"Yeah, but ‘some’ ain’t ‘a lot’, besides, I have a feeling you don’t know about tipping."
al "What’s that?"
y smug"Yup."
al "Seriously tell me!"
Q "The two step out into the daylight, Sebastian’s polite ‘come again’ following you out the door. The café’s quiet hum closes behind, leaving only the sound of their footsteps - side by side."
Un bored"…"
Un squint"That cat STANK of used bussy… nice and good."
y s"What did you think of Sebastian? Was he weird?"
al "Not at all. One of the most ‘normal’ ones."
y smug"More so than Bean?"
al "Please stop mentioning Bean."
y "Peak recognizes peak."
y s"Where to now?"
y "We still have like two hours until we even need to start prepping."
Q "He takes your hand in his and squeezes."
al "I know a spot."
al "If you want to come with, that is."
y ec"Do you even need to ask? I will go wherever you are."
al "I mean with my friend? If you’d want him to get us there? It will be faster."
y determined"No boring travel exposition? Hell yeah."
y awkward"But I need to brace myself, last time it did leave me a bit sick and we just had breakfast."
al "There shouldn’t be a problem like that anymore."
al "Yesterday he didn’t really travel with you, we just kind of grabbed you along like  loose baggage… sorry."
y pf"Oh… so how do I actually get inside?"
al "Just touch my hand, both our palms need to be around the ring."
y shoked"*gasp* Your friend…"
al "Yup, so come on."
y s"Already grabbed."
al "What? No you didn’t."
y simple"Yes I did, my hand is on yours."
al "Why are you just lying?"
y angry"IT’S THERE!"
al "I DON’T SEE IT!"
y scream"WELL MAYBE THE TIME BUDGET NEEDED TO SHOW IT COMPARED TO THE VALUE OF THE IMAGERY WASN'T WORTH IT, BUT I’M TOUCHING IT!"
al "I’ll just trust you are… somehow."
q "The world tilts and the ring breathes as if alive, at least that’s the best way you would describe the feeling that just engulfed your palm, gluing it together to the dog’s."
q "From the world in front of you, colors drain away until only shades of grey remain, the street still familiar but hollow, as if life has been scraped out of it. The few people on it now drift by as pale silhouettes, their shapes sliding through you without a trace."
q"The air presses close, heavy and muted, like walking through a dream."
y shoked"Woah… it’s… kind of cold in here."
y "It feels like someone took the world and turned the volume all the way down."
al "Yeah. It’s quieter here. Easier… but not exactly welcoming when I’m alone."
al "Follow me, don’t let go."
blur 10
q "The dog takes the first step, and distance folds. Each stride pulls you forward tenfold, the hilltop you’re being guided towards looming closer with every heartbeat. You steady yourself and follow his lead, moving unseen through the grey reflection of the world, feeling like an ice skater."
y ec"This is soooo awesome! A bit slower than what I experienced yesterday, but much more pleasant."
al "Time moves the same here, as far as I know, but space doesn’t