."
y hurt3"Thank you for this and everything."
te "Thank YOU for a good time."
q "You grab your clothes, struggling to take steps at first, but quickly getting used to it, then move along towards the bathroom."
y tired"Is it possible to get pregnant with just cum?"
un "I don’t think you have the capabilities for that, big man."
un "It takes more than a stomach full of cum."
pass
q "The cleanup takes a minute or two and so does the dressing up."
q "You also do some leg exercises and stretches, just so you don’t walk funny in front of your dog friend."
y blush2"Can’t believe I did that! I took it ALL in!"
un "That’s the power of Lust. Technically I gave you a superpower."
y "I can’t say I’m complaining so far."
q "You walk out with a final goodbye to Terry, moping the floor."
te "I’ll check up on you two once I’m done."
q "The cabin’s front door creaks open and the sun blinds you for a moment."
y sadsmile"Have I been gone long? I hope Alvy doesn’t get mad at me."
un "Eh, I’d say like twenty minutes."
y simple"Oof."
y ec"Hey! Al-"
y simple"-vy?"
y "It looks like real problems appeared in my absence."
q "You rush towards the dog and find him dripping wet, pathetic and annoyed."
al "Hey…"
y worried"Are you ok?!"
al "The good news is that both our rods caught a fish."
al "The other good news is that I don’t have a phone in my pocket…"
al "And the bad news… yeah-"
al "You can see for yourself."
y "What happened?"
al "I got distracted, got a bit too relaxed, some might say, and my ring went loose, falling into the river."
y surprised"You jumped after it?"
y "But the water is so shallow and clear."
y simple"You could’ve just picked it up."
y pf"Unless a fish swallowed it!"
al "It didn’t..."
al "But I panicked! And after jumping in I realized my movements were making it much harder to see anything."
al "Thankfully I managed to find it a couple of feet further, since it called to me."
y simple"It... called to you?"
al "Yeah, it’s a Nightfallen gem after all, did I forget to mention that?"
y "You might’ve missed that part."
y sadsmile"But it doesn’t matter, I’m just glad you’re ok."
al "I’m glad YOU are ok. That bathroom visit was pretty long, are you sure you’re not sick?"
y awkward"I- uhmm, no, I’m fine just had a discussion with Terry, that’s all."
al "It was a pretty {b}long{/b} discussion from what I’m seeing, and you look out of breath."
al "There aren’t any problems arising are there? Hope he wasn’t {b}hard to handle{/b}."
q "Long and hard is exactly how you would describe him."
al "Did he try to {b}pry you open{/b} for more phone problems perhaps?"
q "And it seems like the overthinking is calling for another Lust Ru-"
y angry"Oh fuck this!"
al "What are you-"
al "!"
un scared"HEY HEY HEY! WAIT WA-"
q "You walk over to the edge of the deck and plunge face first into the water, with clothes and all."
q "The shock from the cold liquid as well as the pain from slapping the water with your whole front torso."
un bored"…"
un "I was not a fan of that."
al "Are you alright?"
y ec"Wow, that was kind of pleasant, actually, and definitely relieving."
al "I know, I know, I’m sorry, I’m annoying you beyond bounds."
al "I knew this would happen, I start talking and I just can’t shut up when-"
y sadsmile"Wait, no, it’s not you! You’ve done nothing wrong! I promise."
al "Then why did you-"
y "I couldn’t forgive myself if I left you all wet on your own like that, now we can get through this long drying madness together."
q "You... can’t quite describe his reaction, but you do see some blushing, and you know for a fact these wet clothes and fur only make you shiver, so you take that as a good sign, great even."
al "I... appreciate the thought."
al "But let me know if you’re gonna do something like that next time!"
y smug"Why? So you can stop me?"
al "No, so I can tell you to take your phone out of your pocket."
y angry"DAMN IT!"
Y worried"NOOOOOOOO!"
y "I have so much precious por- I mean, contacts in here!"
te "Worry not! I have rice!"
te "I know that much about technology."
q "The man guides you to his cabin with a reassuring expression on his face."
q "He’s clearly keeping many questions inside, waiting for the right opportunity to jump in."
q "For now, the wet and shivering cat and dog are a bigger priority."
te "Here are some towels, make yourselves at home."
te "You can take off your clothes and place them to dry on that wire in the sun, I’ll go make dinner with these lovely fish you’ve caught."
y sadsmile"Thank you, Terry, you’re the best."
q "He nods and walks out, leaving you and your pitiful friend alone."
al "Hey, I’m not very versed with spells, but could you not do the cleaning thing you did earlier?"
That is a good question, Scribbles?
un "Getting all that water out will take a different kind of spell, and you don’t have much magic left."
un "If you want to risk passing out, I could try."
y "Uhm, it’s going to take a lot out of me, I don’t think it’s worth it."
q "He nods without questioning you further, then you two turn your backs to each other and start undressing fully."
q "You hear him ruffle his fur with the towel and you do the same starting with your head and ending with your large tail."
q "You slowly turn around just to take a peek, thankful he’s done covering up."
y naked"Done? Then let’s go hang these."
q "Once again, without a word, he follows you and your soft smile."
y naked"Let’s see, I think this is the line."
y "It’s so much warmer in here when you’re not completely soaked in river water."
y "You have more clothes than me, are you-"
y nakedsimple"Wait."
y "Wait wait, not like that, don’t just toss them like that, you need to spread them and make sure they’re not wrinkled before putting the pin on."
y "Have you never hung clothes before?"
al "It’s my first time."
y nakedsmug"Hah, a dryer kind of guy, huh? My mom was always afraid a dryer would burn our house down. She can be a bit paranoid sometimes."
y "Let me help. Here, like this."
al "..."
al "Is your phone going to be fine?"
y naked"Yeah, probably."
y "It’s not the first time it went for a swim, I’m surprised it survived so long, haha."
al "{i}*sigh of relief*{/i}"
al "At least there’s that."
q "The dog squats down and drops his ears, hugging his legs and keeping the towel covering as much of his body as possible."
q "You hurry to hang the rest of the clothes upon realizing he’s been getting more and more upset since the incident."
y nakedbored"I sincerely hope you’re not sad because of me."
al "Would it be a deal breaker if I was?"
y nakedsimple"A deal breaker for what?"
al "I… being friends, I guess?"
q "You join him, slowly lowering yourself with the towel around the waist. The same way today’s adventure began, the same way it seems it ends: sitting on the floor, sulking."
y "I don’t blame you for anything, in case you were wondering."
al "I know. You are nice. Much nicer than I gave you credit for, which might be why I feel bad for misjudging you."
y nakedss"Wow, that’s a relief."
y "Finally beating the weirdo allegations."
al "Oh no, you’re never beating those."
y nakedbored"Ok…"
al "But a nice weirdo."
y nakedsmug"You’re a weirdo too."
al "I know."
y naked"A cute one."
al "I kno- oh."
al "Thanks..."
al "And thank you for today."
al "I should’ve been more open about exploring my newfound freedom, like going out to catch my very first fish."
al "It was fun, even if we both became victims in the end…"
y naked"About that, what’s with that ring again? You mentioned it is a Nightfallen?"
al "Yeah, a friend, even."
al "It’s actually a family heirloom. He belonged to my mom, but when she found out what the gem actually was she was set on shattering it."
y nakedsurprised"That’s horrible!"
al "That’s why I decided to save him."
y nakedsimple"What kind is he?"
al "…"
y nakedawkward"Oh, right, you’re not supposed to talk about those kinds of details, of course."
y naked"But if the ring is so important, why are you keeping it exposed like that? Wouldn’t it be safer in your backpack, or a summoner pouch?"
al "He doesn’t like the dark or closed spaces, and especially doesn’t like being worn, so I have no other choice."
al "But I swear the chain I’m using is strong, I tested it so many times before. I have no idea why it gave in now."
y nakedss"Wear and tear happens, it’s just an unfortunate coincidence."
al "Might be."
q "Time passes as you converse and jump from nerdy topic to topic. An aromatic, warm smell reaches your nose, getting more and more potent in parallel with the setting sun."
y nakedec"And that’s how you play tic tac toe two."
al "What other madness will this world invent?"
y nakedsmug"Still waiting for chess two."
blur 20
te "I hope you boys are ready to get filled!"
un squint"I SWEAR they’re saying stuff like that on purpose."
al "Filled with…?"
te "A hearty, steamy bowl of soup of course."
te "Nothing better to prevent a cold. It’s a little late in the season to go swimming, you know?"
y nakedss"Oh, we couldn’t possibly-"
te "Please, I insist! You have to taste the yield of your labor, wouldn’t you say?"
te "Besides, you have to tell me all about what happened, I like me some gossip and drama."
q "You have a feeling his generosity is a mixture of kindness, loneliness and curiosity, so fighting him is futile."
q "And staying with him will solve a big problem both of you have-"
al "We didn’t eat much today…"
y nakedss"And our clothes could use a bit more time to dry…"
te "Yes! Excellent! To the dining area we go then! I’ll bring the plates, you guys get comfortable."
al "Do we at least have dry underwear? I don’t want to dine with a towel."
y naked"You could wear it around the waist like me."
al "... pass."
y nakedpf"About the underwear-"
y naked"Uhmm, yeah, it should work just fine."
al "And nothing else?"
al "My shirt at least?"
y naked"Still kinda moist. All your clothes are pretty thick, great material though, must’ve been expensive."
al "…alright then."
q "You two take your seats side by side at the small dining nook that the reindeer clearly hand crafted."
q "Soon, he joins you carrying bowls, utensils, and a loaf of bread. A bit hard to balance for the old man, but as most older people think, he can’t have his guests help out."
q "A large pot comes last. A pot of fish soup still simmered gently, releasing an enticing aroma of fresh herbs, tender fish filets caught no more than an hour ago with a hint of lemon, its rich, golden broth promising the warmth and comfort the reindeer was so proudly talking about earlier."
q "A loaf of soft yet crunchy bread awaits you and mugs of sweet tea."
te "HOHOHOHOHOHO!"
te "So you just jumped in? Just like that?!"
y nakedss"Yeah… it wasn’t the best idea, but I don’t regret it."
al "Did the rice work?"
y nakedec"It did! Works like a charm, although the battery is basically dead, but that's not the water's fault."
al "I’m relieved."
y "{i}*sluuurp*{/i}"
y "And this soup is amazing, Terry!"
te "I’m glad you like it!"
te "What about you, little guy?"
al "Wha- me?"
te "You seem lost in thought, didn’t even touch your spoon yet."
al "Oh no, I mean, I was just thinking of how nice it must be to live in the woods like this."
te "It truly is a remarkable experience, but I don’t wish it upon anybody."
al "Why not?!"
al "Not bothered by anyone, wild life all around, the barrier exit within close reach-"
te "That’s what I was saying in my youth. But when all is said and done, when you get bored of jumping from one meaningless fling to another, and realize you don’t have anyone around to ask for a cup of sugar from in a time of need… it gets old quick."
y nakedsimple"How did you get here with life?"
te "That is a looong story."
y naked"Our tea mugs are still hot and full."
al "And our curiosity peaked."
te "W-well, if you insist- {i}*aghem*{/i}"
te "It started when my parents made me choose a career path…"
un simple"Dear Diary,"
un "I’ve retreated once again in the back of his mind to get away from an old man’s life story, but also to express my own thoughts, since narrating someone else’s life doesn’t leave much room for my own."
un pride"And I know whoever is reading this must be thinking ‘old? He’s barely over half a century while you hold millennia under your wings’. And to that I say, shut up, you don’t know me."
un simple"In other news: I’m having fun. Way too much fun. I’ve experienced so many things I couldn’t before, thanks to him."
un sidee"I am ashamed to admit this… but I truly wish we were alone."
un tease"Hey, what are diaries for, if not shameful confessions, am I right?"
un simple"It was never a problem before."
un sidee"But with our growing bond, I’m starting to believe more and more that I…"
un "Perhaps I…"
un sad"Wasn’t such an idiot after all. Despite what {b}they{/b} said."
un bored"P.S The soup was delicious, even after his impatient ass burned our tongue… twice."
un "Let’s go back before he notices I’m gone."
al "YOU’RE BEST FRIENDS WITH HIM?!"
al "EVEN AFTER THE QUEEN CHOSE YOU AS CONSORT FIRST?!"
un simple"huh?"
y nakedfood"THAT CITY WAS NAMED AFTER YOU?!"
y "IS THAT WHY WE DON’T NEED VISAS TO VISIT IT?!"
un surprised"Wha-"
al "AND YOU’RE THE REASON WE HAVE SLICED BREAD?!"
te "More like commercially friendly sliced bread."
un ang"WHAT THE FUCK DID I MISS?!"
Scribbles! Did you not hear his story? He’s a literal retired legend! And he’s not even a hunter!
un sidee"I… I was away for a bit."
Oh, that sucks, you missed out.
un scared"B-but you’ll tell me all about it, right? RIGHT?!"
I don’t think I can ever recreate the epicness of his telling.
un ang"Agh forget it, I’ll look for the memory in your mind when I get time."
un "DON’T YOU DARE LOCK IT!"
te "So, did I convince you?"
y nakedec"I always wanted to settle down with the person I love at some point, you just made me fortify that thought even more."
al "I’m not much of a marriage guy… but the thought of a life long partner does sound more enticing now."
te "I’m glad to hear it."
te "I’d love to fill your minds with more meaningless stories. God knows I have lots of those, but I heard the first years of the academy will have a busy day tomorrow."
te "You need to get ready."
y nakedawkward"Of course, we totally didn’t forget about the auditions."
al "I’m almost looking forward to them now."
blur 20
q "You get up and walk over to the clothes to check on them."
y naked"Been dry for some time now."
y nakedec"Thanks again, Terry, for the meal and hospitality."
al "And the stories."
te "It was my pleasure. Come again anytime, hopefully the riverside will be more full then."
y nakedsmug"It will be if you repair that bridge."
te "Thanks for reminding me…"
q "You and the dog get dressed quickly and walk out the squeaky wooden door with a last wave goodbye to the reindeer."
y smug"I. Am. Stuffed."
al "The bread was amazing."
y s"He did say he wanted to open up a bakery."
al "He could’ve with all that cake behind him~"
y surprised"Alvy!"
q "The dog blushes with a smile, trying to retract his head in his jacket like a turtle."
al "Am I wrong though?"
y "Can’t believe my ears…"
y smug"But I can believe my eyes and I have to agree."
q "You reach for a fist bump. His head turns to the side in confusion, then he taps your fist and leans in."
al "Hello? Is this thing on?"
y simple"What was that?"
al "You’re holding a microphone… right?"
y laugh"No! Hahaha, I was offering a fist bump."
al "Oh!"
y s"You just hit my fist with your fist as a silent sign of agreement or congratulations."
al "R-right! I knew that."
y pf"Ow!"
y "I said hit not punch."
al "Sorry."
y simple"Just how rich is your family that you never got to learn something like this."
al "Let’s concentrate on more important things than my family."
y smug"What’s more important than my dear friend’s lack of street manners?"
al "Well, the sun has set, and we don’t know where to go, for instance."
y simple"That’s not-"
q "Realization strikes, after many minutes of walking and talking to the dog, from the woods back to town, that you don’t have-"
y surprised"My dorm key…"
y worried"I completely forgot to ask about my dorm."
Wait… devious plan incoming.
un sidee"Oh no."
y awkward"Haha, silly me, I got too distracted by all the handsome people I’ve been meeting today."
y smug"Do you mind if I crash at your place tonight? I know dorms usually have one, very small bed, but I bet we can make do-"
al "We have dorms?"
y shoked2"{size=*2}Gah!{/size}"
al "Like, free dorms, all of us?"
y worried"Y-yeah? Every student gets one, you just gotta ask for the key yourself because it has like… anti magic precautions or something."
y "Did you really not know?"
al "It’s news to me, but good news."
y "I doubt there is anyone at the academy to help us now."
Y "What do we do?"
y sad"My phone is low on battery too, can’t even see where we are."
al "There is a map over there, should be useful."
al "Maybe we could find a hotel somewhere nearby."
y s"Well that’s convenient."
y pf"I certainly don't want to walk around too much at this hour."
y "Hmmm."
y simple"So the red dot is us?"
al "Seems like it."
y s"Hey! That’s the entrance I used when I came here. I recognize the street overlooking the academy up there."
al "That looks like the arena."
al "And those look like some of the dorm buildings."
y "They’re pretty far away, good thing we’re not going there then."
y "What do the different colors mean?"
al "The darkest colors are for public places or government owned buildings. The medium ones are commercial places, shops, restaurants and the like."
y s"And the lightest ones are residential areas."
al "Exactly."
y "Oh, of course, you must know how to read these maps pretty well since you’ve been here for some time."
al "Wish I memorized them a bit better."
y simple"Wait a second."
y "If you don't have a dorm yet, where have you been staying at night?"
al "Uhmm, same kind of place we’re going to now… a hotel."
y simple"Aren’t those kind of expensive?"
al "I had to-"
y smug"Eh, who am I kidding, you’re rich, little rich boy."
al "Yeah…"
y s"Have you at least asked if you could get your dorm room early?"
y "Many non first years live there, so I doubt it would’ve been a problem."
al "No, I don’t want everyone to know where to find me at all times, so I opted to not even ask about a key."
y "At least you didn’t have to sleep on the streets."
al "That decision did stretch my wallet thin."
y "Heh, mine is so thin you can see through it."
y "Hey, there’s a hotel over there, next to the hospital, is that the one you used?"
al "No, never seen that one."
y "Lakonia is very tourist-heavy, so it doesn’t surprise me that they have multiple hotels in a single small-ish town."
y ec"Let’s go! Can’t wait to jump into a nice, warm, soft bed."
q "You grab the dog's hand without thinking much, and walk to your right excitedly."
q "Then take a left, watching as more and more windows light up down the road."
al "I-I think you walked the wrong way."
y simple"What?"
al "We were supposed to go to the left first, according to the map."
y simple"Oh."
y pf"Sorry, I got a little ahead of myself. Why didn’t you say anything sooner?"
q "You notice that the dog has been blushing since even before correcting your path. Perhaps he was just as excited about the hand holding as you. Maybe more so."
y smug"Eh, it’s fine. We can just walk this way and it should lead us in the same place."
q "Clearly, someone is overconfident in their ability to remember directions. After five minutes of walking you have to admit-"
y bored"We’re lost."
al "How did we manage that?"
y "It’s some kind of special talent."
y simple"Maybe we should just go back to the map."
al "I could… ask a friend for help. Just so we don’t waste too much time."
y s"That would be great!"
y simple"But I don’t see any public phones, and mine is dead."
al "No need for that."
q "The dog places his backpack gently on the ground, and searches through it, moving things to the side and thinking about what to take out."
q "When he makes up his mind, you can see a small blue stone clutched in his hand."
q "It begins to glow brighter and brighter as he concentrates."
y simple"Is that a-"
y surprised"No way."
q "From the gemstone, faint smoke streams flow to the ground, until a creature is formed."
q "Although you can’t make out what it is exactly by its unique features, you know one thing for sure."
y "That’s a Nightfallen!"
y worried"A big one at that!"
al "Surprise, a summoner can summon."
y "No, I mean-"
al "I know, should’ve done this earlier. He’s going to guide us to the nearest hotel."
un bored"I could do that too, just saying…"
Uhmm, HELLO? We have bigger problems here, Scribbles!
un "Like what?"
al "Oh, looks like he already chose the right street, come on!"
y worried"A-Alvy! Wait up! You can’t just-"
{i}*Loud whistle*{/i}
y angry"IS ANYONE GONNA LET ME FINISH MY FUCKING SENTEN-"
y awkward"Oh, h-hey there, officer."
po "Stop right there, criminal scum!"
Y "Huh?"
al "M-me?"
po "Both of you!"
po "Put that thing away THIS INSTANT!"
q "The new arrival, a police officer or guard of some kind, judging by his uniform, points at the summon by your friend’s side."
q "Still stunned from the sudden outburst, the dog shuffles to call the summon back as the officer seems to be reaching for something behind him."
al "He’s gone! He’s gone!"
Y awkward"Isn’t this such a fine evening, officer?"
q "He visibly relaxes once the summon is gone, but his stern look and angry voice still remains, just more professional."
y pf"Why are you wearing shades?"
po "HEY!"
po "I’m the one asking the questions here!"
po "{i}*Aghem*{/i}"
po "Officer Duke Goudboi, reporting for duty."
po "Are you and him together?"
y blush"W-well, not truly TOGETHER together, but it’s not that far off, I mean, you could even say this is a da-"
po "So you’re both criminals then."
y simple"oh."
al "W-what did I do?"
po "Do you not know summoning inside a barrier, especially Lakonia’s barrier, is STRICTLY prohibited and highly punishable?"
al "Is that what you were trying to tell me…?"
y bored"... yeah."
y awkward"We’re sorry officer Goudboi! We’re both first years at the academy! We just got here today."
al "Y-yeah, that’s right!"
po "The academy, ey?"
po "I suppose that makes sense…"
po "The Headmaster could excuse you even if you summoned with malicious intent, so there’s no point in taking this further."
y sadsmile"{i}*sigh of relief*{/i}"
al "{i}*sigh of relief*{/i}"
po "But what in the name of the academy are you two doing all the way here so late at night?"
y awkward"Uhh, have some… fun?"
po "Oh you silly first years-"
po "The redlight district is on the other side of town."
y "Oh! Yes! Exactly what we were looking for, have some FUN fun, get it OoOoon, right, Alvy?"
al "Yup! Find all the… red lights in there, in the district."
y ec"Well, sorry for alarming you officer, we promise never to do that again and we’ll be on our way."
po "Don’t stay too late now, you hear? Or those harlots are going to suck your wallet dry as well as your soul… not that I know anything about that, of course."
Y pf"Good to know?"
po "And just in case, I’ll need a little confirmation you’re both students. Just your dorm room cards will suffice, nothing more."
al "…"
y simple"…"
y pf"Here’s the thing…"
al "We don’t have those."
po "What?! Every student has a dorm card!"
po "But fine, let’s pretend you left them with friends or something."
po "At least show me your lunch and dinner cards."
po "I’d just say food card, but they refuse to provide the most essential meal of the day, those rats."
y pf"We don’t have those either."
po "Student ID???"
al "Those will be distributed after the test… or so I was told."
po "Are you even from around here? Show me your regular ID’s."
y "It’s… in my luggage."
al "I don’t have one… in general."
po "So you have nothing to prove you’re not Nightfallen terrorists?"
y worried"WOAH WOAH WOAH! We have our uniforms… well, I do! That’s gotta count."
al "I’m not a police officer, but that’s just a white shirt, pants and tie."
y pf"Who’s side are you on?!"
y worried"Well, what about our emblems?"
po "I got one too, buddy, doesn’t make me a student."
y sadsmile"I-I got brochures for the Shards!"
q "The doberman shakes his head in disappointment and frustration, while reaching for his belt."
po "Then I have no other choice."
po "Under section 6, article 21, rule 34: Anyone showing signs of suspicious Nightfallen activity and summoning must be apprehended and investigated by a personal of the Sergeant rank or higher."
al "{i}*gulp*{/i}"
y bored"I knew this day would come…"
y bored"…"
al "…"
y "Do we really need to stay in a cell?"
po "Until I can get some actual identification, yes."
po "I don’t want you running around summoning whatever you want."
al "That’s not how it works..."
po "I’ll contact the Headmaster in the morning."
y worried"We have to stay here ALL NIGHT?!"
po "Well maybe next time, you’d think twice before summoning a Nightfallen inside the barrier, especially one of that size!"
po "Now be good boys and stay right there."
y bored"…"
y "Goodbye soft bed."
y "You just HAD to summon a Nightfallen without letting me know first."
al "I’m sorry…"
y "…"
al "He’s just the best at finding stuff."
al "And I just wanted to present him to you…"
al "I thought it could be a good step towards-"
al "Never mind."
al "I ruined everything again."
y sad"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
y "You didn’t actually ruin anything."
al "We are literally in jail."
y sadsmile"Hey, I love new experiences, and this is really just a misunderstanding. He’s going to clarify our identities and we’ll be free, no big deal."
al "We’ll still get in trouble with the Headmaster, won’t we?"
y smug"Most likely, but don’t worry, I bet I can charm him with my boisterous and pure personality."
al "You are neither of those things."
y determined"I can always pretend! Just like we’ll pretend to be completely dumb and innocent when he inevitably yells at us."
al "Hah."
q "At the very least, your silly propositions did make him less sad, but not enough to make him get off the floor."
q "So many questions buzzing through your head, so many plans to cheer him up, but what should you do?"
q "Getting him out might be the fastest way to reduce his guilt, or perhaps a heart to heart conversation? Something you became very good at."
q "And yet another block in the road shows itself when your vision becomes blurry, your heart starts to pound and your mind becomes a brothel."
Are you fucking kidding me? Now? Again?!
We JUST went through this!
un "I don’t make the rules, I don’t even really know the rules."
So what now? I’m inside a damn cell. I can’t quite do anything in here.
un "You could ask your new friend for a hand."
I am absolutely not dragging Alvy into this kind of stuff this early.
un suspicious"Not him, genius."
Un "I know you’re not gonna risk it with this one, but I’m sure you’re totally fine with the other."
Oh, him…
But… how do I even-
I need to consider.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Ignore the feeling and stay with Alvy, I think he can use some comforting.
→ Seduce the guard, get rid of the Lust and get out in the process.
--- END CHOICES ---

q "Understanding each other is the first step to a happy relationship, so here comes the casual questions."
y s"You know… I’d love to meet your summons at some point."
al "You would?"
y smug"Just… maybe in a legal setting next time."
al "That’s a deal I can make."
y simple"Uhm, how come you didn’t know about this very important rule? If you don’t mind me asking."
al "My parents didn’t think any Nightfallen related topics were worth teaching."
al "I was mostly born and bred into the family business, where there’s no place for such things."
y "You’ve summoned before inside the barrier, haven’t you?"
q "He blushes, a bit surprised at your question."
al "Yeah, just not in front of anyone."
al "Nobody ever told me it was bad."
al "I thought everyone outside of my family loves Nightfallen unconditionally."
al "But that was just my aunt, I guess."
y smug"Would you look at that, it turns out it was my fault we got into this mess after all."
al "What? No! That’s not even logical."
al "Did you even listen to what I just said?"
y ec"You wouldn’t have summoned anything in public if it wasn’t for me, so all I see is a big ‘guilty’ sign stamped to my forehead."
Y s"Sure, not knowing the law doesn’t make you innocent, but it’s a guardian’s duty to teach you that, and it seems they failed."
Y sadsmile"Then I failed as well, as your friend."
y smug"You see what I’m doing here, right?"
al "Yeah yeah, I know, {i}‘stop beating yourself up’{/i} type of thing. I’m trying, I promise."
al "It’s hard to be upset when you’re so positive."
y ec"That’s a good boy!"
al "You mean OFFICER Goudboi."
Y "Heh."
q "Against all odds, it seems like the Lust Rush is going down... and all it took was a bit of self restraint."
y smug"Since we’re done sulking and sharing memories, how about we figure out how to get out of here?"
al "You’re not proposing to break out of jail, are you?!"
al "Otherwise we can get out by waiting."
y awkward "No no, unless~"
al "Don’t even think about it."
Y s"He didn’t take my phone… which is kind of useless right now, but-"
y "He didn’t even take your gems either, did he?"
al "No, he doesn’t seem to be very good at his job."
y simple"Did he ever ask for our names?"
al "Don’t think so."
y smug"How would he know who we are if we just disappear then?"
al "I got us in trouble and you want to get us executed…"
y "It’s not THAT big of a deal."
al "Since when did you become so ballsy?"
y bored"Since when do you think you know how ballsy I was before?"
al "Fair enough."
al "Well, I don’t want to pee in a bucket. So how do we do it?"
Y ec"There you go!"
Hey, Scribbles.
un bored"Sup?"
How much magic would it take to get me and Alvy out of here?
un "I could bust the lock pretty easily."
Too much noise, something more discreet. Maybe teleportation or something?
un "Teleportation takes way too much magic. I could however make you phase through the bars."
Let’s do that!
y s"Hey, Alvy, take my hand and close your eyes."
al "If it’s necessary."
q "You stand in front of the iron bars, just inches away from your snout. Then you take a confident step forward