
un bored"You’re not… blowing it, if you care about my opinion."
y simple"You think so?"
un simple"Yeah, I can tell, he clearly likes you to some extent."
un "At least I know for a fact he would not be spending the night in the same room with you if he didn’t. Even if the beds are separated."
y sadsmile"Thanks… I needed to hear that."
y "So are we good?"
un eyeroll"Yeah, sure."
The crack in the darkness becomes bigger as his response leaves his mouth.
y pf"Should I be concerned about that?"
un worried"N- I, I think it’s nice that you visited, now you should go into that dog’s dream."
y bored"So yes, this is concerning."
un ang"Just to me! Now get the hell out already!"
y worried"But what ab-"
un "I SAID GOODBYE!"
y "Geez, alright."
y simple"See ya in the morning then."
y pf"{size=*0.5}Grumpy butt… lucky I like you.{/size}"
y simple"So… how do I get to Alvy’s dream?"
un bored"You can just run in the opposite direction, through the darkness and you should be there."
y s"Thanks."
y pf"You’re not pranking me though… right?"
un "No, I’m not, that’s how I’ve been getting into your dreams at night."
y "I’m going to trust you. Because you’re my friend and I value you dearly."
un ang"{size=*2}J-just go already!{/size}" with hpunch
y smug"I can feel your blushing as I walk away~"
No response, and as I turn around, no Scribbles either, no crack in the darkness, just regular darkness.
y simple"Am I… already there?"
blur 20
My words are cut short by a bright image slowly fading in and covering my vision like a blanket.
My mouth does not move, my eyes do not blink, I can’t feel my body at all.
As if I became part of the scenery.
And my mind also...also-
al "Can I touch him?"
aun "I wouldn’t recommend it."
al "But he’s so cute!"
al "Why does he have a watch?"
al "He’s handing it to me."
aun "Do not touch that either. Remember when he tried to give you that pencil?"
aun "Your mother would kill me if you got another cheek scratch, and you were lucky it was only that."
al "Yeah… I guess."
al "But what’s the point if I can’t even pet them?"
aun "Some things are best left for your eyes alone."
aun "Nightfallen don’t exist FOR us, they exist WITH us."
aun "You are very gifted, Alvy. If only you had a chance to learn more."
aun "But not under her watchful gaze…"
blur 20
aal "Yes, dear."
aal "They’re at it again."
aal "It’s the last time I call my sister to get rid of a random Nightfallen."
aal "Any other hunter would become suspicious of so many of them around our home… so we don’t have a choice."
aal "But we’ll keep a closer eye on him."
aal "We don’t want her to give him any… ideas."
q "The narrator makes a surprise comeback as the rays of the morning sun touch your eyelids, and the birds sing through the opened windows."
q "A chill runs through your body with the breeze flowing through."
q "You slowly turn around, with a confused look on your face, since this night’s dream still needs answers…"
q "Your confusion turns to surprise when you realize the bed next to you is empty and cold."