."
h "Are you two going to be fighting as well?"
al "No. We’re just hosting today."
h "That’s a shame, I was really looking forward to it."
H "What do you have there?"
y "Oh these papers? They’re umm, just notes."
H "Notes? And who wrote those notes?"
y "I think it was mostly-"
al "-Us. We did."
al "Obviously, we prepared for such an important occasion."
Although I’m conflicted with his reasoning for lying, I am a bit proud he has the boldness to do it.
y awkward"That’s right. You don't think we spent all this time until now researching how to get over our fear of crowds and anxiety, right? HAHA!"
H "Riiight."
We take our seats next to the Headmaster, squeezing past his skeptical eyes that rake our backs.
We look at each other with determination and put on our sunglasses, something the Headmaster was once again intrigued by, but didn’t ask any more questions.
al "Five minutes till showtime."
al "I think I will summon a Nightfallen to help with the bell."
y2 "Awww, that would be so cute."
y2 "Look there! I think I see the first pair getting ready."
y2 "Remember what Sebastian said, imagine you’re just having a conversation with me and your anxiety will go away."
al "I’m already doing that with the Headmaster."
al "What about your fears?"
y2 "I’m certainly feeling them, especially with the lion in the room."
al "Then do as Sebastian said as well, imagine everyone naked."
y2 "Will it actually work?"
al "Test it on him."
blur 20
y pf"Hmmmm."
pause 2.0
y sal"Holy fuck…" with llongdissolve
al "What?"
y "Why is he so {i}hung{/i}?"
al "It’s not x-ray vision, you’re literally imagining it!"
y pf"{size=*0.5}Yeah... keep that tie on you slut...{/size}"
H "Why are you staring at me?"
y bleed"I need you…"
H "What?"
y awkward"T-to tell us what brings you around these parts, haha."
y "It’s not a super official thing, it’s battles for fun, after all."
H "As the new Headmaster I want and need to see what my students are capable of, and make my own opinions on them, nothing more, nothing less."
H "Do you… hear me?"
al "Turn back around, you’re salivating…"
y pf"Sorry!"
H "If I’m not mistaken, mister [name2], your gaze fell, multiple times in the past few seconds, upon my cro-"
y2 "O-OH! TIME TO START THE ANNOUNCEMENTS!"
y2 "HELLO AND WELCOME, LADIES, GENTLEMEN AND ESTEEMED GUESTS!"
As my voice suddenly rings out, snapping the attention of the excited crowd towards the announcement booth, we’re met by a roaring wave of applause, shouts and whistles.
y2"Well that gives me a boost of confidence, we barely started."
H "I’ll remind you that they’re excited about the battles starting, not hearing or seeing you."
al "Now why would you say something like that?"
He shrugs.
The dog- I mean… Alvy takes a look into his notes and speaks into the mic before I get the chance.
al "This is a special day for many reasons, especially since presiding over today’s event is the unparalleled genius of our age-"
al "{i}*Inahaaale*{/i} -a man whose brilliance outshines the very stars, whose wisdom humbles even… the wisest of sages? Uhm, and whose mere presence elevates us all… our radiant guiding light… Headmaster Argus Kiraman!"
y2 "Dallan sure loves this guy."
H "I have to say, you’ve written a pretty impressive script over there, boys."
al "Uhm, thanks."
y2 "The rules are simple and well known, but for our first years and new town’s people present we’ll go over them again quickly before sparks start flying."
al "Because what’s a fight without some ground rules? Rules are very important to follow and respect, as they are the pillars of our community and society!"
al "Why do I keep getting Dallan’s weird parts…?"
y2 "Aghem."
y2 "First off, this is a two vs two format. We hope you’ve picked your partner carefully before signing up for this."
al "And if you didn’t, do not worry, we have magic healers watching from the sidelines. At your disposal for any kind of bodily leakage."
y2 "Each match lasts TEN minutes, as soon as the bell rings it’s over."
al "That same bell will signal the start of the match, as well as stop it in the event of rule breaking."
y2 "You win by getting your opponents out of the arena, incapacitating them fully or having them surrender."
al "But be careful, lethal attacks will not be tolerated."
al "Last but not least- sexual moves are permitted, and, uh…  penetration encouraged."
y2 "Now why would they put that in the official rules?"
h "Don’t look at me. I’m just as new here as you."
y2 "First up on the list:"
al "Connor the shepherd and Benjamin the dog, from the Slayers’ Shard, who I am apparently instructed to mention are a newly formed couple, very much in love…?"
ben "I LOVE MY BOYFRIEEEEND!"
al "Uhm, congratulations. Anyway, they will compete against Caladin the Caracal of the Defenders and Rune the wolf of the Sorcerers."
al "First years against second years, let’s see how this plays out."
y2 "Hit the bell, little guy!"
y2"Phew, that was fun."
al "I thought we’d have to freestyle way more than this."
y2 "Yeah these notes we have, that we totally wrote ourselves, are a lifesaver."
y2 "So gramps, how’d we do?"
H "First of all, I will try to ignore what you just called me or else we’d have a falling student out that window."
y2 "What a reaction, reminds me of someone else I know…"
H "Second of all, you… didn’t really do much? You just talked for two minutes. I don’t think you’re seriously asking for a commendation from me.."
y2 "If only you knew how hard it is for people like us to do this."
H "Oh, I’m genuinely very sorry in that case, I had no idea you were ‘special’, Lakonia doesn’t discriminate, maybe we should’ve-"
y2 "NO! No, we’re not… I mean, not in that sense, at least… right?"
al "Does emotional trauma count as ‘special’?"
H "No…"
y2 "Leeet’s just go for now, a light snack would definitely help us focus before those guys finish duking it out."
H "What?!"
H "Where do you think you’re going?!"
H "You have to commentate on the fight!"
y2 "Oh shoot! I completely forgot!"
al "I didn’t want to say anything… but yeah."
H "Unbelievable."
y2 "UHMM, RIGHT! SO, THE TWO TEAMS! LOOKS LIKE THEY STARTED, GREAT!"
y2 "Our first participants are already hard at work, trading blows with mostly magic."
y2 "Fireworks of Water, Fire and… is that black magic? No! It’s ink! Rune’s unique affinity, says right here, on the paper we wrote."
al "We can already see Benjamin hard at work in the back as well, using a spellbook to enchant his partner’s magic from afar, making him able to hold his own against two people at once."
al "Says here Benjamin’s unique affinities are long distance enchantments, the perfect support for a hands-on fighter!"
al "It is unfortunate he’s forced to fight in such a tight space, under normal circumstances he’d be far away, concentrating on those incantations that leave him defenseless BUT buffing fellow Hunters the same way he does to Connor now."
al "Connor’s opponents have just stopped their relentless attacks, and are discussing something in private."
y2 "Team communication is key, folks, it isn’t a two V two for nothing."
al "The two aggressors have now split off, ignoring Connor completely! They might go for Benjamin, as I suspected."
al "It seems like Connor did not enjoy that decision."
al "He turns towards the announcers tower, and looks up."
al "He flails his hands around in disbelief."
al "Is… is he looking at me?"
y2 "Uhmmm."
y2 "Now, folks, you might be asking yourselves: ‘is it normal for the hosts to shout out crucial information about the participants like that? Wouldn’t that be interfering with the battle?’"
y2 "And do not worry, behind us, as you may recall, is the Headmaster of the Academy! The BRILLIANT Argus Kiraman! He would’ve said something if it were a problem."
H "What? I don’t-"
y2 "Please direct any indispositions you may have on the matter towards him."
y2 "His office is open twenty-four seven for all his beloved students."
The arena, as full as it is, visibly shifts as thousands of eyes move up towards the wide-eyed lion.
H "Am I… getting bullied right now?"
al "Should I continue?"
y2 "Yes please, this is very entertaining for me specifically and hearing you talk soothes me."
al "Noted."
al "*Aghem* I’ve been informed that Connor possesses the ability to copy other people’s magic, not even someone with a trickster affinity is a wild card as large as him."
al "For now, all we can assume is that he got some water elemental magic with him."
al "On the other side, Caladin is described as a flame user, although his control is less than desirable."
cal "Hey! I… I will control it, some day! The Fire Witch wasn’t born perfect either!"
con "Actually, I heard she could kill Nightfallen with her mind since she was three months old."
cal "Awwww…"
al "And Rune, second year student as well, yet still a mystery in a lot of cases. For now, he uses manifested ink to fire projectiles and write magic circles on any surface."
y2 "Lucky for everyone, his ink does disappear after a while, imagine getting hit by one of those when you only wear white shirts."
A wave of chuckling passes through the crowd. Huh, nicely done, me.
h "You’re not taking this seriously enough."
y2 "Well… since we’re here to entertain, isn’t making the crowd happy through whatever means our way of being serious?"
y2 "It’s quite literally our job."
H "Pff, one and only time you’ll be doing this job."
y2 "No more free labor after this? Oh, the tragedy."
H "I am legally required to pay you for today… actually."
y2 "Oh. Nice."
al "While Team Second Years divert their attacks towards the enchanter, Connor tries to kick their weakest link- Caladin, out of the arena with some water attacks."
{i}Bzzz, Bzzz, Bzzz.{/i}
y2 "Who the heck…?"
y2 "Damn it, it’s Aiden… sorry, Aiden… I can’t talk right now, I hope it’s nothing too impor-"
H "Oh no no, I think you should answer, he’s usually a host and also your friend, right?"
H "I think you can spare a minute or two, come on, pick up."
y2 "Yeah but… well, if you say it’s alright."
y2 "Are you okay doing it alone for a little while, Alvy?"
al "AND HIS FEET TOUCHED THE EDGE IN A SELF DETONATION ACCIDENT, IT IS OVER FOR THE CARACAL, BUT NOT BEFORE RUNE GETS HIS REVENGE BY GLUING BENJAMIN’S MOUTH FOR GOOD, LITERALLY! INSANE MOVE JUST INSANE!"
y2 "Someone is really into it. I’ll take that as a yes."
{i}Click.{/i}
A "Heeey, Snowflake! You finally picked up."
a "Keeping me on my toes, wanting. {i}I like that.{/i}"
y2 "Hi, Aiden. I was a bit slow since I have these battles to present, remember?"
A "Thanks again for doing this, I really needed a break."
A "Remind me to pound some more gratitude into you later, you can bring that doggie you’ve been hanging out with too, I don’t mind."
y2 "Will do!"
y2 "{size=*0.6}Wait, what did I agree to again?{/size}"
A "Nice, so how’d they go? The battles?"
y2 "I’m literally in the middle of one right now."
A "Oh, word? Let me see!"
I turn the phone around and show him the arena, with only Rune and Connor remaining standing.
A "So who fucked who so far? That white one with ink markings is kinda cute, he single? Ahaa, just kidding, don’t care, I’ll get him anyway."
y2 "Uhm, sorry, nobody had any kind of sex as of this time."
A "Booo! What’s the point then?"
y2 "Sorry, why did you call again?"
A "Oh, right. I just wanted to give you a little warning."
A "The battles are usually pretty fun to host and easy going, but I think the Headmaster is going to be present there today, last I heard, and maaan, he’s a major fucking bitch-"
y2 "A-about that-"
A "If you see him, IMMEDIATELY German Suplex his ass, I’m not even kidding, he deserves it."
A "Also, he will NOT let you jerk off in the announcement booth so don’t even try. I learned that the hard way."
A "Can you believe that?"
y2 "He’s behind me…"
a "…"
a "You could’ve said that earlier…"
h "Good to see you’re well too, Aiden."
y2 "I’ll just… slide out of the room for a moment."
y shoked "Where even are you? Is that a brothel?"
a"Umm, no? It’s a strip club, duh."
a "Had to get off some steam."
A "Wanna join me perhaps?"
A "Not even these professional dancers compare to {i}your{/i} mesmerizing fur."
y blush "Ooah, I-I…uhmm. W-wait, no-"
y "I thought you were supposed to be… on a super secret mission of some sort?"
a "What are you talking about? What super secret mission?"
y simple "The… the one Dallan talked about last night? He said you’ll be there too."
y  "That’s why we agreed to host?"
a "That son of a-"
a "He said he has to keep that cat in detention all day... and HE said he’ll train our body for the upcoming test."
y "What, they lied?"
A "Yes, and, well, no?"
A "Either way, it’s complicated."
A "I have to go now, the private dance rooms just opened."
A "Good luck with that lion over there."
y simple "Thanks…"
y pf "Hm, interesting."
y "So we just got scammed or I am not totally grasping what’s happening."
I slide back into the room, seeing Alvy with a foot on the desk and mic in hand, shouting at the top of his lungs at what looks like the climax of the current battle.
al "The Slayer bursts forward, water swirling around him like a rushing tide, Benjamin’s magic buffs still giving him that extra edge- but ohhh, they’re starting to fade, and his range is decreasing!"
al"The Sorcerer counters with an attack of his own, ink flying like razor-sharp whips across the arena, cutting through Connor’s waves, forcing him to dodge, twist, SPIN!"
ben "YOU CAN DO IT LOVE! DON’T WORRY ABOUT ME!"
al "Connor spins, spiraling his water into a towering vortex to make up for the lack of range! Rune threads his ink tendrils through the torrent, SLASH! SNAP! The arena’s a chaotic swirl of black and blue waves crashing, ink snapping, tension so thick you could cut it with a sword!"
al "Look at them circling! Every step, every splash, every flick of Rune’s ink met with a counter from Connor’s water! Neither giving an inch! Ten seconds left! TEN SECONDS FOLKS! Connor surges back! His best bet right now is to hold his own and dodge as much as possible."
al "BUT WHAT’S THAT? Rune is almost out of magic! He still has an edge because of the spells written on the ground beforehand!"
al "Connor knows that, so instead of letting his opponent hurl more things at him, HE ENGAGES IN CLOSE COMBAT FISTING!"
y2 "Oh that’s not-"
al"The crowd’s on its feet! They’re evenly matched in strength. Five… FOUR… THREE… Connor pushes with everything he’s got, RUNE PUNCHES him square in the face but the shepherd tanks the hit like a champ! TWO… ONE…"
al "AND THAT’S THE BELL! BOTH STILL STANDING! IT’S A TIE! CONNOR AND RUNE SURVIVE TO THE VERY END! OH MY GOODNESS, WHAT A MATCH! Benjamin’s buffs gave Connor the boost he needed, but Rune’s focus, his sheer precision- it all comes down to this! UNBELIEVABLE!"
Alvy’s little Nightfallen friend rings the decisive bell, and both men collapse on their knees.
rune "*Huff* You’re good."
con "*Huff Huff* Wouldn’t be as good without my love."
con "You need to give me some of that magic at some point."
rune "We can negotiate."
y2 "Hey, what happened to Cal?"
h "Little man blew himself up and out of the arena."
H "Nurse’s office."
The Headmaster responds, as Alvy is still hyperventilating from excitement, but is recovering slowly.
al "That was… fun."
y2 "I had even more fun watching you over the fight."
y2 "You have a natural talent!"
al "It helps when your parents are such language snobs."
al "Mumbling or stuttering wasn’t allowed..."
al "I didn’t even notice you weren’t here, because in my mind, all of these people were you."
y2 "And my conversation with Aiden helped me envision everyone naked even more effectively."
y2 "Oh wait, there’s a red part of the text in these notes saying ‘super important after every battle.’"
al "Oh, I almost missed it."
al "Aghem-"
al "Are you tired after long, grueling battles in the arena? Do your spells leave you drained, your weapons heavy, your palms sweaty, knees weak, arms heavy? Then grab yourself a Mama’s Crunchy Super Mana Enchanting Fun Bar™! Now with pistachio filling."
al "Certified by… Chelsie… intellectual property of Chelsie… uhm- redistribution of goods punishable by…"
al "I don’t think I should continue that sentence on air."
h "And you wrote that part of the notes as well?"
y2 "Chelsie’s hard at work, she deserves a minute in the spotlight, r-right?"
al "Yup, I bet she has all the right qualifications to produce and sell magic energy bars."
al "For…"
al "{i}20.98{/i} A PIECE?!" with hpunch
H "Hmmm."
y2 "Oh look! The next teams are ready to jump in! Let’s present them, haha."
With no more interruptions, and fully over any fears you might’ve had beforehand, the two of you have a blast describing the next fights, less exciting than the first one, but entertaining nonetheless.
First off we got a labrador from the Defender’s shard, who charges forward with shield raised, while a capybara, from the Summoner, summons two tiny Nightfallen to attack.
Across the arena, they faced a senior member from the Slayers, a donkey versed in martial arts, who can hold his own quite well against a sword with bare hands. A ferret assists him from afar with what looks to be wind magic.
Unfortunately, any summoner who isn’t a senior, or at least, a recommended student proved not to be very useful in battle, so team ferret-donkey swept this win.
The next one was a bit… interesting, to say the least.
al "The lynx Slayer might be fast, but one grab from that bear is enough to offset any hopes of winning."
al "What happens now? Will the lynx surrender on his own or try to escape?"
al "I believe that… yeah, their clothes are coming off, probably to offer some kind of friction advantage aaand that’s his penis."
al "Uhm, [name]?"
al "Do you mind-"
y2 "I’ll take it from here."
Alvy covers his little Nightfallen’s eyes while lightly blushing.

--- CHOICES ---
→ In fact, with the imposing figure of the Headmaster behind him... he's even thinking of dimming his own senses until this battle is over.
→ Alvy will cover his eyes and ears.
→ He'll power through for [name].
--- END CHOICES ---

y2 "{size=*0.5}Psst, little guy, mind taking my phone and film the action upclose?{/size}"
y2 "{size=*0.5}Omg it understood me... little raccoon hands... so cute.{/size}"
y2 "Aghem."
y2"Silas the lynx is struggling but those 300 pounds of ursine muscle are too much! Brutus is positioning himself behind him- this is turning into a display of dominance we haven't seen since… well, probably the last arena battle event, I’d assume."
y2 "*gasp* He’s actually doing it! With only his spit Brutus has entered him!"
y2 "My gods, the sheer force of that thrust just slammed Silas face-first into the sand! His tongue hanging loosely from his moaning mouth. You can see the agony and pleasure mixed on the lynx's face as those massive bear hips piston into him!"
y2 "Didn’t get a good look at the sheer girth of that weapon, but we can assume it’s nothing to laugh at."
al "Twenty centimeters… cut, veiny, just some quick observations…"
y2 "Oh, you heard it here first, folks."
y2 "The arena is shaking with every impact! Silas is clawing at the sand but he's not tapping out - he's taking every inch of that grizzly cock like a champion!"
y2 "And he has every opportunity to be one, as his battle partner looks to own the superior magic between the teams."
y2 "If Silas can hold up without surrendering for another minute or two, he might be saved by his partner and secure the win together!"
Br "Tap out already, I’m not even going all the way in yet!"
Si "I… I will NEVER be the *AGH*- the reason my team loses – FUCK!"
Br "GRRR."
y2 "Those words angered the bear quite a bit, lifting the poor Lynx up in a prisoner’s position."
al "Do you know all the sex positions by heart?"
y2 "All the ones that count."
y2 "THERE WE GO!"
y2 "As the hot liquid flows inside Silas’s guts, the same goes for the Bear’s partner!"
y2 "As in… he gets {i}flowed{/i} out of the arena? I don’t know what I’m saying at this point."
al "I think you mean: Brutus – 0 Silas – 1."
Br "SCREW YOU! Why are cats so fucking stretchy?"
Si "Feline secrets, babe."
y2 "Thank you so much little gu-"
y2 "...right."
y2 "How would you know what a record button is?"
y2 "Oh well, the moment is stored in my mind at least."
y2 "In a moment, the sand under Brutus’s feet shifts, shooting up into the air just as the lynx slides off his member with a pop."
al "AND GAME! r-right?"
y2 "Let’s seeee-"
The bear lands on the floor, barely moving and half naked.
Br "I… I surrender."
y2 "Victory achieved!"
The crowd makes much more noise at the end of this round than any other, screaming, chanting and throwing things at the victors.
al "That was… interesting, for sure."
y2 "What did you think?"
al "I was also more focused on you than the battle, heh."
I can’t help but look away with a smile when his amused eyes try to hold mine.
y2 "I was smitten by the announcer spirit just like you were earlier, what can I say?"
H "These battles are quite something indeed. I’m pleased with our students’ performances. This will look great on the website."
y2 "Oh, these are being filmed?"
H "Of course, if I’m not mistaken I was told the camera should be somewhere around… oh, there it is."
y2 "That one over there?"
H "That’s the one."
al "Why is it pointing at us?"
H "…"
y2 "…"
al "…"
y2 "Let me guess, the announcers usually turn it around."
H "Goodness gracious…"
After turning the camera around to face the arena, we start the next few battles.
Each one lasts about five minutes, give or take.
No more raunchy stuff happening, and any summoner going in uses either a weapon or magic, so they don’t embarrass themselves with the weak Nightfallen they might summon.
Alvy takes care of most of the fighting commentary while I explain any magic that might be used.
All my magic obsession from way back when finally pays off.
The Headmaster continues to be grumpy from our lost footage of the early battles, but hey, maybe they can use me and Alvy as host advertising, heh.
They would have to pay us though…
al "Those last guys weren’t very impressive, huh?"
y2 "Well, we’re all here to learn. I literally never fought anyone ever, so I’d probably be just as pathetic."
al "I guess you’re right… without my Nightfallen I don’t think I can survive a minute in there."
y2 "Who’s next? I don’t see any other team preparing, did they get bored?"
al "Let me see, uhmm, oh, we reached half on the list. We’re supposed to do an intermission when we reach half. They’re probably expecting that."
y2 "No, that can’t be right, if we’re already  halfway, that means there’s one less team for the bracket for people to fight against"
y2 "So, next are supposed to be Rose and Coal… but their opponents are not here?"
Th "Actually, you’re their opponents."
y2 "Therium? Huh? What do you mean?"
al "We didn’t sign up for this."
Th "Yes you did, check again."
y2 "It’s literally impossible, we just- huh?"
Indeed, just below Rose and Coal our names are there.
y2 "How in the…"
al "They were not there before."
H "Please, boys, this isn’t preschool, if you can’t read properly that isn’t a reason to keep everyone waiting."
al "You know those weren’t there just as well as we do."
Alvy holds Therium’s eyes in a stare down.
y2 "W-we need to present the battles, who will do that i-if we go fight, right, mister Argus?"
Th "That’s why I’m here."
Th "I’m not great with crowds, but I can survive a single battle, for your sakes."
Th "So… are you going to show off? I heard you two are… some of the best summoners around."
Th "I’d like to see it with my own eyes, is there any point to you two, besides making pretty gems glow?"
Th "Wouldn’t you agree, Headmaster?"
H "{size=*0.5}You terrify me.{/size}"
Th "Tick tock…"
For the first time, I sense a new emotion from Alvy… anger, or maybe even rage?
In any case, whatever he’s thinking, I know it’s a decision made with determination and purpose.
y2 "WE will do it!"
al "NO!"
al "I do this. Alone."
al "Just stay here."
y2 "No way!"
y2 "I know you're stronger than me when it comes to summoning but I at least want to look like I'm trying."
al "...Fine, if you have to."
al "You should know this wasn’t a good idea better than anyone, Therium."
al "But fine, if you or THEY want us to go against each other so much we’ll do it."
Th "Good doggie."
al "Come on, [name]."
y2 "R-right behind you!"
y2 "Good luck, Therium."
Th "Sure."
Th "Apologies for the wait everyone, our next opponents are a bit special."
Th "All of this year’s recommended students will be taking the ring."
Th "In team one, we have the foreigners, Rose and Coal. Against the born and bred city boys, Alphonse Arufar and [name]."
Th "Let the battle… BEGIN!"
Our opponents, although looking very battle ready, seem happy to see us, too happy.
r "Well well, look what the cat finally dragged in."
Th "The match starts with some friendly banter, our elite summoner looks to be taking his time, slowly walking towards his opponents."
Th "Bold move for someone who should be fighting from a distance."
r "We’ve been looking all over for you, you know?"
al "Yeah, I can imagine."
co "We’ve already made friends with [name], we just wanted to say hi as your fellow recommended students."
al "I’m sure that’s all you want. But that’s enough."
Th "Would you look at that, a few Nightfallen have finally appeared on the battlefield, let’s see if they’ll be any stronger than our previous summoning attempts today."
y2 "I don’t wanna alarm you, Alvy, but I don’t think my summon will be very useful…"
I say that as the new, cute, adorable but utterly useless Nightfallen rubs against my leg the same way it did yesterday.
y2 "Attack! Over there! Go!"
y2 "Do something? Please?"
Alvy only glances at me, then picks a handful of gems and summons even more partners.
It’s fine, I’m not totally useless, I have the medallion Scribbles gave me to drain their… wait… do they even have magic?
Scribbles? Would be pretty cool for you to show up right about now, need a spell or two.
You’ve been gone long enough.
r "*sigh* Look, I know you’re not very social, but since we were lucky enough to have you as an opponent, it’s probably the only time we’re EVER going to meet and talk."
al "I’m here to fight, not talk."
y2 "H-hold on a moment."
Few Nightfallen already lunge at Rose, who’s making steps towards us.
Using her battle axe, she defends against the attacks, but the attackers are too nimble for her to destroy.
r "Why are you so against us? Why are you avoiding us like the plague? Please, just talk to us, we mean no harm."
co "At least tell us what we did wrong."
Alvy doesn’t respond.
r "[name], please."
r "Can’t you talk some sense into him? We’re friends."
y2 "I… understand where you’re coming from, but maybe we can do this after the battle, I’m sure Alvy-"
al "NO!"
al "This is the one thing I wish you could stop downplaying for me! I will NOT let either of those people get near me, or touch me."
co "I knew it would be a waste of time, I’ll start attacking."
r "No! Wait, you can’t hurt him, there’s no telling what he’ll do."
If they’re talking about this weird Nightfallen of mine, I don’t know either…
y2 "The announcers haven’t said anything in a minute…"
I look up towards the tower, seeing two figures in a heated argument, and Alvy’s little Nightfallen who works the bell cowering and trembling.
Then, the Headmaster grabs the mic just as Alvy decides to unleash all of his Nightfallen upon our opponents.
Considering Rose is barely holding her own against three… Coal decided to finally attack as well, which would’ve ended badly for everyone involved.
H "Everybody {b}stop{/b}."
All sound and movement freezes.
Even... even my thoughts are... sluggish.
H "It appears there has been a mistake in the scheduling."
H "This fight will NOT continue."
H "All the participants are advised to unsummon and disarm themselves, it’s an order."
H "Fifteen minute break before the next match."
The Nightfallen stop even before Alvy told them so… if he was even thinking of stopping them.
My little friend went back into his gem immediately as well.
The crowd wasn’t too happy about it, this was indeed quite a special fight, after all.
Alvy simply turns around and starts walking back to the tower.
r "Goodbye? Good match? Anything?"
co "Leave him be… there’s no point in forcing him to like us."
r "But it doesn’t make sense… I’m not letting it go… I need answers, so I know how to change my approach."
Followed by the boos I accompany Alvy inside.
He’s already starting to calm down, but of course, I’m still a bit worried.
y worried"Are you alright?"
al "Yea… sorry, I got overstimulated with a bunch of bad thoughts at once."
y simple"Is there a particular reason why Coal and Rose had a reaction like that on you?"
al "Yes."
y "Are you going to tell me?"
al "No."
y sad"That’s fair."
y "I won’t force you to."
al "That’s why you’re the best recommended student."
He smiles and gives me a little bump on the shoulder.
m "Are you sure you won’t need me any further?"
m "I could help you find out where the Chief got the magic from."
m "I’m a pretty good detective."
d "That’s alright, Ragnar is more than happy to tell us, I’m sure."
A "If not, I’ll shake him up."
M "Or maybe you’d want someone to watch this murder hobo for you?"
A "WHO YOU CALLING A HOBO?!"
d "I can handle him too. He’s actually a very good distraction."
d"Besides, I have a feeling you’re needed elsewhere else even more."
M "You just want to make sure they show enough respect to the Headmaster."
D "CAN YOU BLAME ME?! This is the first time the new Headmaster bears witness to our traditions!"
A "I invited him two years ago but he was too busy to attend…"
D "So yes, please please PLEASE go."
y "Yeah, Rune could’ve definitely won if he had a better teammate."
y "It was almost a two against one."
al "Caladin does have a lot of potential… if he learns to blow up things other than himself."
M "Heeey boys! Good match out there, for as long as it lasted at least."
y ec"Merina! Hello! Oh my god I’m sooo glad to see you."
al "PLEASE tell us you’re here to take our place."
M "Yup, our ‘super secret mission’ is done, at least my part