
--- CHOICES ---
→ Looks like you already completed day 2 of Alvy's route as well, jump to day 3?
→ Yes. (The Latest Update)
→ No. (Continue with Day 2)

--- CHOICES ---
→ Stay with Alvy and avoid them.
→ Go meet them alone, then meet the dog in the back.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Who did I {i}‘come’{/i} here with…?
→ Aiden
→ Dallan
→ Tate
→ Therium
→ The Headmaster
→ Scribbles, kill them.
→ Alone
--- END CHOICES ---

y s"Doesn’t matter, I’m just here to leave my key, if you don’t mind, then I’ll be on my way."
de "Thank you very much, and would your partner want his loyalty points."
q"You give the receptionist a nasty look through squinted eyes, like she didn’t just hear you struggling to maintain a lie."
st "{size=*0.5}It’s strict policy to ask… sorry.{/size}"
co"So you DO have someone here at least, we know that much guaranteed."
r "On your first night here? That might be a record."
y simple"Aren’t you here for the same thing?"
co "We were here to meet a friend mostly."
co "Out of town people usually stay at hotels, you know?"
r "Students not so much."
y smug"So true bestie."
y "Anyway, I gotta go… Would love to talk, but I gotta prepare for the auditions, and stuff."
co "Of course!"
r "Mind if we tag along?"
co "I also need some audition practice, even if mine will be different from yours."
q "Another obstacle, quick, you must think of something."
y pf"Ffffff… noooo, no."
co "No?"
y "Nooo…"
r "Just straight up? No… no extra excuses?"
un sidee"Huh, a choice isn’t necessary I suppose."
q "You squint your eyes and walk backwards towards the exit door, not breaking eye contact and whispering continuous no’s until the automatic doors close and they’re out of view."
q "Safe to say they were a bit stunned, but not offended, just confused."
r "{size=*0.5}What’s a bestie…?{/size}"
co "{i}*shrug*{/i}"
q "You did it! You defused the situation with your weirdness!"
y s"Now to find my other weirdo friend."
y bored"The things I do for him…"
q "Behind the hotel, in the alleyway full of familiar garbage cans, silence reigned."
q "No dog in sight or any other fur."
y sadsmile"Uhm, Alvy? Are you hiding in a dumpster by any chance?"
y simple"I know you wanted to hide but this seems a bit extre-"
al "I’m here.{w=0.5}{nw}"
y scream"AGH!" with hpunch
q "He suddenly appears from behind."
Yes I fucking know that now, thanks.
y worried"God, how did you do that?"
y "Can you teleport or something?"
al "I told you I don’t know any spells."
al "My friend is keeping me hidden whenever I need."
y pf"Right… you mentioned that."
al "How did it go?"
y ec"Great! Found out what they were there for, dream sharing, and they have no idea you were here too."
y simple"I think I might’ve freaked them out a little as well…"
al "Good, that means they’ll leave us alone."
y simple"Do we really need to sneak around this early in the morning…? Can’t we just-"
q "You sense the disappointment oozing from the dog’s body"
y  smug"But y'know what’s even worse? Socializing~"
q "if there was a record for fastest turn of emotions from being dejected to happy puppy love, this dog’s got it"
al "Thank you."
y ec"The things I do for friends."
q "As you stealthily make your way upstairs, you lock your eyes with a random marten walking down, who is preparing to greet you. You place a finger in front of your mouth before bolting upstairs."
q "That’s a neat way to make someone question everything around them for a while."
q "Nobody spots you making your way back to your hotel room aside from that nice young man. So everyone else was spared an awkward interaction. Once inside, you pace around the room and think about your next move"
y simple"Sooo. The fire escapes?"
y simple"There should be one on every floor, unless it doesn’t follow the OSHA standards… which would be concerning."
y "And what do I do with the key?"
al "Just leave it on the bed. The cleaning people will find it."
y "As long as we’re not banned for life, it’s not such a bad place."
al "Grrrr."
q "The dog seems upset after opening the window."
al "Fire escapes or not, shouldn’t there be a way to get out from every room in case of a fire? Where are the stairs?"
y simple"They probably have runes set to take care of any rogue fires appearing. It’s cheaper than stairs… considering those only save people not the property."
al "I suppose we have no other choice then."
y pf"About socializing or jumping through the window?"
un ang"I think you know the answer to that one and I’m saying TALK SOME SENSE INTO HIM, DON’T FUCKING JUMP!"
y awkward"Uhmm, m-maybe, let’s think of something else, the backdoor is still an opt-"
q "A pair of steps can be heard down the hall, before a knock at the door."
y "Welp, might as well-"
q "In the meantime, the dog clutches the ring at his side with a determined look, then-"
al "Hold steady."
y scream"AH!"
...
q "The world around you seems to warp weirdly as a large black figure grabs your arm forcefully."
pause 0.5
q "That is… as much as I can describe, before the room turns into the back alley of the hotel."
q "The canine is shaking you, trying to get your attention. He seems really frightened and worried about what he just did, even though you’re more than fine."
y worried"We’re outside…"
al "Are you alright?!"
y surprised"That was…"
al "I know, I know! I’m sorry, I shouldn’t summon inside the barrier, I promise I’m not trying to get us in trouble on purpose, but I panicked and, and-"
y ec"Don’t be! I don’t blame you."
y sadsmile"It was just… kind of incredible."
q "The dog looks bewildered for a moment, before slightly blushing as he realized he was being complimented."
y "Yeah you shouldn’t do it, but… you did save us from… a social interaction."
y "I’m shivering just thinking about it."
al "You’re not mad?"
y s"No police around, so I think I’m good."
y pf"Still though… let’s not do that again, I’d rather like to avoid any more jail time for the rest of the semester"
al "You’re right, you’re right."
al "You really didn’t mind… the transportation method?"
y "Honestly? Better than teleporting."
y bored"I avoid those devices like the plague, too much light even with an eye cover."
y sadsmile"This was… unique."
y ec"I’d like to know more at some point."
al "Totally! But for now, let’s get away from here… from them."
y bored"Yeah, thank goodness we got away from those absolute lunatics that were probably just going to say hi to you and introduce themselves."
al "I’m sorry, ok?!"
al "Are you making a mean joke or are you actually upset with me?"
al "I can’t really tell."
y ec"Oh I would never be mad at you, you’re too sweet and pure."
al "Thanks? I guess?"
y simple"But if you’re so determined to keep hiding, what are your plans now?"
al "I still have some money left, we could get another-"
y bored"Nope. No more hotels, I’m already sick of them."
y "No idea how you survived months with them."
y simple"Are the dorms really such a bad option? I already miss mine and I haven’t even seen it yet."
y "Do you happen to have friends or relatives living here?"
q "His ears perk up at the suggestion."
al "I do… in a way?"
y s"Really?!"
y "That’s great! You can stay there then."
y smug"Problem solved, wasn’t that quick?"
al "Well-"
y bored"It’s not that easy, is it?"
al "Not even a little bit."
y simple"What is it now? Are they also some kind of overprotective snobs? No offense."
al "No, they don’t actually live there, is the problem."
y confused"Huh?"
al "Just come with me."
q "He grabs your hand and runs down the street without further explanation."
y simple"You seem confident, do you know where that place is just like that?"
al "I’ve been contemplating this option a lot in the past couple of weeks, so I’ve visited a couple of times."
y s"Excited to see this super secret place then."
y "Is it far?"
al "Not too far."
al "If you remember the map, it’s just up ahead then down the street."
q "After a not so exciting trip through commercial streets, you arrive at the main residential area."
q "Less buildings obscure your view and more lush trees welcome you in."
q "You go past a grand metal gate, with a thick brick wall surrounding the estate, clearly someone rich lives there."
y s"That must be it, right?"
al "Not quite."
q "He guides you just past that house, or mansion, to a secluded place at the edge of the academy, overlooking the main gate and the forest."
q "A small, rusty gate and old, barely hanging fence protect an otherwise nice looking house."
al "This is it, we’re here."
y s"Sooo, who owns it?"
al "Nobody, it’s... mine, technically."
Y surprised"You have property in Lakonia?"
y pf"Wow. That is… not that surprising."
al "It belonged to my aunt before she became more involved with her career and Nightfallen activism."
al "Now it’s just rotting away."
al "She left it to me in her Will, she made sure to tell me that every time she visited."
al "She really wanted me to become a hunter..."
y simple"Why were you debating coming here? It seems perfect for your needs."
al "Multiple reasons."
al "Although my aunt still visits every couple of years, the place must be extremely filthy… I’m afraid to even step inside. Secondly, living alone is a bit of a scary concept, even if I don’t like other people."
al "Not to mention that if my family finds out my aunt has property in Lakonia, this would be the first place they’d search for me."
y "So they don’t know… about you."
al "{i}*sigh*{/i}, come inside."
q "The walk to the front door is met with creaks of wooden planks beneath your feet, and the door itself wasn’t any quieter."
q "The dog used a key he already had in his backpack, yet another precious thing he held in there and protected with his life all this time."
q "The living room you’re greeted in is spacious and well illuminated, even if dust particles fly around and through the sun’s rays like a rave party."
q "You both take a second to step inside, look around and breathe in the aged, dusted aroma, if you can even call it that."
al "It’s nicer than I expected."
y simple"What did you expect?"
al "Vandalism, broken windows, no furniture, maybe even some broken walls and ceilings."
y smug"Oh come on, the police have to resort to sex parties and watching TV dramas to get away from the boredom of a crime free town."
y "There is nobody interested in breaking into a home."
al "Anything is possible, how can you just trust complete strangers?"
y s"You trust them and they trust you, that’s how it works."
y "Still, might not be a ruined home, but-"
q "You use your white finger to slide along the shoe cabinet in front of the door."
q "The white becomes grayish black from mere inches of sliding."
al "Yup. Needs some things to become livable."
y s"Depending on your standards, it’s satisfactory right now."
al "Poor plants, nobody was around to water them for some time."
y "Look at that, was your aunt an artist?"
al "She enjoyed painting, I assume she made most of the pictures she has on the walls."
al "And writing, she would write me stories about Nightfallen and poems about the outside world."
y surprised"Oh. My. God."
al "What?"
y sadsmile"Is that you as a kid?!"
al "W-what? Where?!"
y "On the wall! You look so cute in that tiny suit and sprayed hair."
al "It wasn’t really my style…"
y smug"I can see that, mister Layered Streetwear."
al "Shut up… and stop looking at that."
y ec"But I really like it, everything about you is very balanced and visually pleasing."
al "That’s an oddly satisfying compliment."
y s"It’s also nice of her to have this, I can tell she really likes you."
al "Yeah..."
al "Uhm, let’s check out the bedroom, see what the bed situation is."
y "Right behind you! Should be on the second floor, since the only other room here looks to be the kitchen."
q "The stairs are withholding the test of time better than you would’ve expected, with barely any sounds coming from under your feet while ascending."
q "The second floor is simple, a longer hallway that separates two bedrooms and a bathroom at the end."
q "You follow the dog into the first room, one with no door on its hinges."
y confused"Where did this one go?"
al "Perhaps thieves?"
y "It looks ripped off by force, but it doesn’t make sense for a person to break in to steal a door."
al "The inside isn’t looking any better…"
q "Unlike what you’ve seen until now, this is one of the rooms you’d both agree falls into the ‘unlivable’ category."
q "Aside from the dust, wooden planks are missing here and there, the bed has a mattress ripped to shreds and even broken shards on the floor from a once seemingly beautiful crystal vase."
y smug"Well. Who’s calling dibs on this one?"
q "The dog looks a bit worried and disappointed, but doesn’t express any opinions."
al "I hope the other one is luckier."
q "The second room is… great, perfect even, one might say. A sigh of relief escapes the dog’s muzzle."
y ec"Would you look at that!"
al "Aside from the dust, this is promising."
y "No smells, no broken furniture or decorations and the bed…"
al "The mattress was preserved pretty well by this simple cover."
y smug"So, my good socially awkward friend, are you ready to get cleaning and move in?"
q "You ask while rolling up your sleeves and doing a flexing motion with your nonexistent muscles."
Hey…
q "Your friend thinks for a couple of moments longer, looks around some more and with each passing second his smile grows wider."
al "Yes! I think I am!"
q "You let out a laugh, and sprint to open every remaining door in hopes of finding cleaning supplies."
al "If nobody bothered to take out the furniture there should be stuff to clean with around here too."
al "What do we even need?"
y s"Lots of things: brooms, rags, soap, bleach, sponges, mops, buckets- doubt we’ll find a vacuum- but for starters I’d be happy with just… Aha!"
q "Opening a closet you find the first important tool."
y determined"Dusters."
y "Getting the dust off high places is a priority."
q "You shake and puff one of them up and hand another to the dog with a playful flourish."
y "‘Alright, partner! Let's turn this dust haven into something livable."
q "You sweep a dramatic arc across the shelf you took the tools from, sending up a cloud that makes you both cough."
y dust"{i}*cough*{/i} Yeah, should probably start slow."
al "What should I do?"
y determined"First off, the living room!"
y "Go take off the window covers and let some sunshine in, maybe even open them for some fresh air."
y s"I saw a step ladder in the closet, I’ll bring it there, then we’ll clean on top of shelves and wooden beams."
q "The dog’s smile widens as he runs off."
q "Soon, with purpose in mind and instruments in hand, these two fumbling twinks start the actual work."
al "Actually… I think I’ll take my jacket off. It’s kind of unique, I don't want to dirty it."
y s"Good idea, would love to do the same with my uniform… but I honestly don’t have anything I don’t mind ruining with me."
un suspicious"That feels like some kind of excuse to not change clothes… I wonder why that would be, hmmm."
q "Going from furniture to furniture and ornament to ornament with the dusters, the dog slows down to take in the state of a creaky bookshelf, running his hand over the layers of dust."
q "He seems lost in thought."
al "I can’t even see the wood. She hasn’t been here in a long while.’"
y simple"Judging by those dead plants… I have to agree."
al "I wonder why…"
q "Feeling helpless at your unknowing silence, you decide to make light of it all."
y sadsmile"Hey, maybe she fell in love with cars and wanted to live somewhere they’re not banned."
q "He somewhat agrees with a shrug, though he clearly keeps a brave face."
y smug"Or…"
y smug"Maybe she considers this place yours already, and didn’t want to intrude."
al "That… that doesn’t sound too far fetched."
y pf"And since nobody’s around at least that means no one can judge our, uh, unique cleaning style."
q "You give a mock sweep, accidentally knocking a large spiderweb loose that falls on your face and sticks to your fur."
q "A repressed laugh can be heard, as you make a face at the dangling strands."
al "I suppose if anyone says the place is still filthy we can just respond with ‘you should’ve seen it before we started’."
q "With a roll of your eyes, you both continue earnestly. The dog attacks the dusty shelves, carefully pulling off old books and odd trinkets, while you start on the floor, sweeping years worth of debris into a manageable pile, including whatever he throws down."
q "You can’t help but steal a glance at the young dog’s movements."
q "You’re not sure how familiar he is with cleaning a house, but given that he’s such a fast learner he imitates your techniques quite well."
q "With a sort of elegant flair to him, as if afraid to dirty his fur or ruin his claws, but the determined expression tells well enough that he’s more than willing to."
q "It doesn’t take long for the air to be filled with the scent of freshly scrubbed wood and… whatever was still stuck in the carpets. Probably paint, let’s go with that, you try not to think too much about that."
q "Humming under his breath, he wipes down windows so grime-covered you’d forgotten they were actually clear."
al "I did think that taking off those window covers didn’t make much of a difference, but it was because of the dirt… now it’s much better."
q "He says with a pleased grin."
q "You stop to stretch for a moment, watching him go about with his newfound enthusiasm."
y ec"And the air is finally getting replaced, it feels better to breathe."
y smug"And look at you! Didn’t even know how to hang clothes and now you’re doing a better job than me at cleaning."
al "Not sure about that, but it’s easy to work on something you care about."
al "Sacrifices for the things you love."
y "Hope you have the energy for the final part."
al "The final part of… cleaning this room?"
y "Yup."
q "You confirm, throwing him a moist rag, freshly squeezed into the soapy bucket."
y ec"Couldn’t find any mops, so we’ll have to do it the old fashioned way."
y determined"Follow my lead!"
q "You press the rag on the floor near a wall and scrub intensely for a couple of feet, then position yourself with your feet against the wall and your hands on the rag."
q "With one heavy boost, you run forward, cleaning the floor in a sprinting motion. From one side of the room to the other in mere seconds."
q "The dog quickly does the same from the other side, and tries to keep up as much as possible."
y hurt3"How is it?"
al "It’s fun, but also the most draining thing I’ve ever done physically."
y "The good part is that it’s over fast!"
q "Bend down, sprint, rinse, squeeze, repeat. From side to side and room to room, the sweat drops remain proof of your hard work just behind the rags."
q "Bit by bit, the house starts to feel less like an ancient relic and more like a place with potential. By the time you’re both scrubbing the last few surfaces, you’re certainly worn out but laughing freely."
y lust"‘I’m not saying we’re pros or anything-"
q "You say borderline panting to death."
y smug"-but I think we could start a business.’"
al "Not even I, with my sheltered hands, am delusional enough to think we can do this on the regular."
al "But I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel accomplished right now."
y s"It is indeed a warm feeling inside."
q "You both collapse on the cleanest patch of floor you can find, breathing in the faint smell of old wood and fresh polish, staring up at the ceiling with a sense of accomplishment and the beginning of a new, sweet home."
al "Warm on the inside… and the outside."
y smug"What was that? Couldn’t hear you over your dog panting."
al "You’re a cat and also panting, that’s almost worrying."
y bored"Then how about you go buy us some drinks?"
al "But we’re not done yet, the hardest part is still up…"
q "You both glare towards the bathroom’s direction."
y ec"I’ll start without you, but even so, we could also use some more scrubs."
al "Alright, I’ll go, don’t overwork yourself."
y awkward"I can barely promise I’ll work at all."
y s"And get some energy drinks while you’re there too, please."
q "With one last nod and chuckle he walks away and out the door."
y s"Let's see what we're working with."
y simple"That’s not a pretty sight."
un simple"Could be worse."
un sidee"Sooo, the dog is gone for a while."
un "Strange, you didn’t seem to lie… but neither did you tell the truth? What’s that all about?"
y smug"Well, that’s because the bathroom will be clean when he gets back, but I won’t be the one cleaning it."
un simple"..."
un bored"I’m going to forcefully circumcise you now."
y scream"W-WHAT I MEANT TO SAY!- {i}Pwetty pwease{/i} just help me, I’m but a wittle baby!"
un suspicious"You do realize you’re already in my debt, right? You said so."
un "How far are you willing to go into the shark’s mouth before the teeth start being scary?"
y determined"I’d put my paws through fire for a friend."
un bored"...Seriously?"
y sadsmile"I know I might appear selfish sometimes, with all my worldly desires-"
un "Cock."
y pf"Among other things-"
y sad"But I do have an aching feeling in my chest whenever I disappoint someone I care about."
y "And I do care about Alvy, I’d suffer for his sake."
un sidee"There is one thing I could…"
un sad"Although it’s futile to even say because it’s more than just a favor, and I know it’s not happening, just some wishful thinking."
y sadsmile"Don’t you think it’s worth a try?"
y pf"I doubt you want me to, like, eat my own arm or something. I know you well enough for that at least, I hope."
un "I simply want you to give up."
y confused"Cleaning?"
un sidee"Yes? Well, no, give up on the dog in general, just… be by yourself, focus on your supposed career and our deal."
y worried"That… that is quite a big ask."
y sad"You were right, I’m sorry, that’s just not something I can do."
un sad"Yeah, I expected that."
y "I don’t want to go back to the loser I was… alone."
un simple"In that case I do have a favor to ask in exchange for my services."
y simple"What is it?"
un "Just don’t be mad at me for keeping secrets in the future, alright?"
y smug"Hah, well played sir, well played."
y "That is something I hate to agree to but it is a very fair request, so I agree."
un tease"Great! In that case, brace yourself, this is going to take much more magic out of you than cleaning a body."
un simple"Also, you need to narrate this part, I have to concentrate."
y ec"On it boss!"
blur 20
As those words leave my mouth, dirt patches and still water disappear before my eyes like they were never there.
Every part of the bathroom my eyes touch turns clear the next moment. Like seeing a magician’s trick without a smoke screen, makes me question my reality, especially when broken pieces of furniture repair themselves here and there.
y s"Strange, it wasn’t as much magic as I thought, I feel fine!"
y ec"You are so awesome! The greatest Demon that’s ever lived!"
un bored"3."
y confused"What? There are three?"
un "2."
y simple"I’m not sure what-"
un "1."
y shoked2"{size=*1.2}{b}Agh!{/b}{/size}" with hpunch
q "A sharp pain envelops you, like a full body cramp. From your ear muscles to your toes, everything aches, before fatigue settles in."
y tired"What. is. This…?"
un simple"Told you, cleaning your body is already kind of magic taxing, cleaning a whole room was bound to drain you, especially since I had to repair cracks in the bathtub."
y "And you couldn’t have warned me?!"
un "I did warn you."
y "Warn me harder next time."
un sidee"I was kind of curious to see the effect too, thought you might’ve improved enough to withstand it."
y "How can I improve in a single day…?"
un bored"Anything is possible."
un sidee"Anything {i}has{/i} to be possible…"
y hurt2"Ughh, I feel like dying."
un bored"No, you feel like sleeping, you’re just tired, and have cramps, suck it up."
y "Is this what women’s periods feel like?"
un "This isn’t even half as bad."
y "How would you know?"
un pride"I’m a feminist."
y "I’ll just lay down on the freshly cleaned and… polished?- bathroom floor. Hope I don’t die."
un bored"The dog is going to bring you a magic energy drink and you’ll be on your feet in a matter of minutes, you drama queen."
y pf"You’re so mean to me…"
un ang"I LITERALLY LO-{w=0.6}{nw}"
un blush "{i}-Like{/i}. I like, kind of like you, for a mortal that is, you’re ok."
y bored"I suppose I’ll take that as truth."
y sadsmile"It’s kind of nice knowing you actually mean that, not being able to lie and all."
q "Your pain and fatigue is slowly being lifted, piece by piece."
y ec"Hey, I already feel better, that was fast, might not even need that drink!"
y simple"Why is this? I believe it happened before as well."
un sidee"I’m not… quite sure yet."
y s"A win is a win. I can prepare a nice resting spot for when Alvy gets back in the meantime."
q "In one of the storage spaces you picked the brooms from, you find two perfectly good folding chairs."
q "What did his solitary aunt need two of them for? Perhaps she had friends visiting? Who are you to butt into her life anyway?"
q "You pick them up and bring them outside. With a little dusting they’re ready to be sat in, and just in time for your friend to arrive."
al "Hey, I got the goods."
y s"Sweet! Did you get the air freshener and candles?"
al "Right here. Is the bathroom really that bad?"
y simple"Bathrooms are always disgusting, no matter whose it is. And this one has been neglected for months, or years."
al "I’m sorry for making you start without me… What should I help with? I could take the actual bath and toilet if you-"
y ec"No no, it’s ok, I’m already done."
al "The… the whole thing?"
al "Oh no, you’re one of those sloppy cleaners when you’re alone, aren’t you?"
y bored"The only thing sloppy after my cleaning is a co- {i}*cough cough*{/i} I mean-"
y awkward"No, I just decided to use some magic for this one."
al "Right, your speciality cleaning magic, I forgot."
y pf"I wouldn’t say it’s my speciality… but yeah."
y smug"Speaking of, I could really use a magic energy drink right about now."
al "Of course! Here you go!"
al "I see you already prepared seats as well."
y s"We deserve to relax a little bit."
q "The seat feels incredibly comfy after a long day of cleaning. As you sit on the porch, you can’t help but take in the view, watching people go about their day and imagining what they’ve been up to."
q "The light shines gently on both your faces, just enough to warm you but not bright enough to obscure your vision. You can see the dog's fur practically glowing, you wish you could just reach out and embrace him as you’re so close to each other."
q "You’ve taken some of the dog’s habits and deep down know that after everything you’ve been through, he doesn’t see you as an outside entity anymore."
q "Multiple times he tries to say something, gently opening his mouth, but stops himself, for lack of the right words or embarrassment."
al "I..."
al "I think this goes without saying, but you deserve to hear it-"
al "Thanks for the help. I never thought I’d be able to clean a house, especially by myself. Not that I did that much today, but it’s more than I expected still."
y s"It was fun, I certainly don’t regret lending you a bit of help."
y "It’s not like I have anything better to do."
al "Hey, do you think the fridge in the kitchen works fine?"
y "We cleaned it pretty well and I heard it buzzing some time ago, I’d say you can store some things in it. Although maybe keep them In containers for some time."
al "That’s alright, I just need to put these in there-"
q "He rummages through his backpack and picks out a small gem, from which he summons something."
y surprised"Two whole packs of soda? Wow."
y ec"Hey! You got the lemon one! Sweet!"
y smug"And sour, hehe."
al "I remember you said you liked it, I tried it once and can’t say I’m a fan, but to each their own I suppose."
y confused"Why did you buy… uhm, one, two… four, six- twenty four cans for then? I can’t possibly take them all with me."
y "Doubt I have a fridge in my dorm, and warm soda… eh."
al "Oh."
al "I thought you…"
al "I thought you’d want to stay here… with me."
y worried"But I… have a dorm, it’s not like I’m worried of anyone finding me, heh."
al "ah. Of course, I see…"
q "His expression sours more than the soda in your hands."
y awkward"U-unless you want me to stay with you! I don’t want to intrude, that's all."
al "Yes! P-please. If you may."
al "The house is too big just for me, and you helped clean it, it must be better than a dorm room, right?"
y sadsmile"Yeah, alright then, I’ll just stay with you."
q "From behind the chair, his tail wags frantically, and his feet tangle and sway over the edge like a little kid, trying to open his soda can excitedly."
q "You look forward to the garden and beyond the fence to the quiet streets. The scenery before you seems to shift, becoming your new future."
Can’t say I expected any of this.
un simple"Me neither."
Why, because I don’t have a face that attracts love?
un sidee"No… it’s just… I’m really glad you got this far. I’m happy for you."
Huh.
I must be dreaming. Even the demon inside my head is wishing me the best.
un simple"Don’t say that. You’re awake and everything is fine."
Thanks Scribs, it means a-
un bored"Except that your auditions are in like an hour."
y shoked2"AGHK!" with hpunch
al "What’s wrong?"
y awkward"I- uhm, I remembered we have our auditions soon."
al "I know, we still have time. The arena is quite far but it should take us less than half an hour to get there."
y simple"It’s not just about time-"
al "Oooh, right. You’re not very experienced in summoning."
y "Do you know what we’ll have to do there?"
al "All I know is that most first years are not able to summon a Nightfallen until the first semester’s exams, so I was never too worried."
al "You just need to make your gem do… anything."
y simple"Do you think I need to own my own Nightfallen gem at the very least?"
al "I don’t see how else you’d be able to show off what you can do."
q "You both put on your thinking caps trying to find a solution."
q "Your mind keeps drifting to a certain demon-"
un "This would truly be a dream if you managed to even summon my arm."
q "In the meantime, the dog gets a somewhat worried expression, while clutching his backpack and breathing more intensely