."
q "His expression softens as his eyes meet yours, and he begins a confident search."
al "I will lend you one."
y surprised"What?!"
y "A-are you sure? I know they’re very important to you and I-"
al "I’m not making this decision lightly, so yes, I’m sure."
al "It’s kind of my fault for taking your mind off of auditions in the first place."
al "Besides, there is a good chance that you won’t resonate with my gems…"
y simple"What does that mean?"
al "You know, to summon a Nightfallen at its peak requires a personal connection with its summoner."
al "Which is either obtained over time through trust or it simply bonds with you immediately if you’re compatible."
y confused"I know about that, but I thought you can still summon any Nightfallen as long as you know what’s inside the gem. The bond just makes it work better."
al "That’s for… lifeless gems. My Nightfallen are alive. If they don’t want to, they will not come out no matter what."
y "Doesn’t your friend get a little pass from them?"
al "Here."
q "He places a couple of small, decorated bags carefully in front of you, each possibly containing a gemstone."
al "These three here, Fang, Claw and Talon- they’re wild Nightfallen."
al "Do you know what that means?"
y simple"Uhm, they’re basically just regular beasts, don’t produce much energy and are very hard to tame."
y "I’m surprised you have them."
al "Exactly, they’re difficult to tame, which means they’re also very stubborn."
al "You can still try to move your hand over them, see if it does anything."
q "You do as instructed, but the gems remain unlit and silent."
y sad"Damn…"
al "Sorry…"
al "I also have two Cryptids, they’re more likely to cooperate, try it."
q "You move your hand again, this time, one of the bags seemed to jolt back a tad, but no glow to be seen."
q "However, the dog did hide his golden ring inside the pocket, a small detail you caught with the corner of your eye."
q "You swear it gleamed at you before it got shoved away."
y simple"...No luck here either."
al "…"
al "It seems I wasn’t as helpful as I wanted to be."
y sadsmile"It’s not your fault your Nightfallen don’t love me from the start."
al "Still, what will you do then?"
y simple"Can I perhaps buy one?"
al "With these kinds of prices? I don’t think you’ve been in the market enough."
y "In that case…"
y "Hmm…"
un simple"You could borrow one."
They don’t resonate with me, I can’t use his Nightfallen.
un bored"Not his, borrow one from the Academy."
un "There should be a person that lends gems to students for these kinds of events."
WHAT?!
And you’re telling me NOW?
un curious"I thought you might find a solution on your own, I’m not your dad, you know?"
How do you know that?
un bored"Because I didn’t fuck your mother yet."
NOT THAT! How do you know I can borrow gems for the audition?
un sidee"I’ve… been around."
un "And it just feels logical, you know?"
Are you completely sure that is the case?
un tease"A hundred and ten percent."
y "I think I might have a solution."
al "Oh?"
y s"First years aren’t expected to be able to summon, so perhaps we’re not expected to have gems of our own either, seems logical, right?"
al "Yeah, but what will you do for the auditions then?"
y ec"There must be a person lending gems to first years for these kinds of situations. I’ll just get one there!"
al "That seems like a long shot."
y s"I don’t know, I’m pretty confident in my speculation."
al "I can see that from your smile and laid back attitude."
al "I wish I could be like that."
y smug"Hah, you don’t wanna be a loser."
al "Take that back! You’re not even close to it."
al "You’re the most awesome guy I know."
y laugh"That’s not a long list."
al "Even when it becomes longer you’ll still be at the top."
y sadsmile"Is that a promise?"
al "It’s just the truth."
al "A-anyway…"
al "Should we perhaps go a little earlier? To the arena that is."
y s"Yeah, I think that would be best."
q "You walk shoulder to shoulder through the busy streets. People are now up and about, going on with their day and many even go in the same direction as you, the auditions are somewhat of a big deal even for non-students."
q "Debating, debating… should you hold his hand? Or is touching fingertips as you brush each other’s tails and clothes enough?"
q "With thoughts like these, those nearly thirty minutes of walking went past like seconds."
al "So… we’re here. That’s the place."
y s"Yup! So many people have gathered already. Let’s go!"
al "Uhmm."
q "Your friend does not share your excitement, or your legs’ movement."
y simple"Something wrong?"
al "It’s just- That’s A LOT of people."
q "You approach him with a smile while rolling your eyes. The palms of your hands fall on his shoulders with some force."
y smug"Do not fret, my fair maiden. I will protect you from any nasty stalkers and social encounters."
al "Promise?"
q "He asks with a condescending, amused tone."
y "On my life."
al "Can we at least not stand in the crowd?"
y s"We’ll find the quietest spot just for you."
y smug"Now move your ass in here!"
q "Your wish from earlier came true, as you grab his hand in yours and make your way inside."
y s"Thankfully the crowd is not even where we need to be right now."
y pf"Where would a gem lending person be…?"
al "Maybe it’s the place where most first year summoners are heading?"
y "Yes, but where could that be?"
q "He grabs your arms and turns you around towards a group of young looking people, all with pouches and summoner brooches, walking down the stairs against the incoming crowd."
y awkward"Ah. Yes. That would be a good indication. Let’s follow them then!"
q "The descent continues for multiple floors. The air becomes colder and more humid, not the most welcoming place you’ve been to so far."
q "Soon, the stairs open up into a large basement, with a tavern feel to it and rows of gemstones on full display."
q "Many summoners surround the place in groups, laughing, drinking, eating and most importantly; checking out their gems."
al "I’m not sure why, but I feel like you were right, this is the place."
y smug"What gave it away?"
al "Where do we even begin?"
q "Your presence here seems to attract passive attention. Some people clearly remember your faces from the first gathering. A certain someone isn’t very comfortable with that."
al "I think I’ll be sick."
lu "Sick? On my watch? No sirs."
lu "Anything I can help with?"
q "From behind the counter a tall… handsome… very well built man approa-"
q "Uhm, sexy, gorgeous, hard as rocks… lots of adjectives...he’s approach-"
q "Ok, there’s more- Godly, sculpted, dreamy, dadd-"
un ang"CAN YOU FUCKING STOP?!"
un "I GET IT, HE’S A SHIRTLESS HOT MAN, GIVE ME SOMETHING ELSE TO WORK WITH, DAMN!"
lu "Are... you ok? Wait, which one’s the sick one? I’m confused now."
al "Sorry, neither of us are, I was just exaggerating… as for my friend-"
q "After your drool falls to the ground you finally decide to close your mouth and shake yourself off."
y sal"You’re so fine- I mean- {b}I’M{/b} fine! Thanks for the concern."
y blush"W-who are you? If I may ask… {size=*0.3}you out{/size}?"
lu "That would be my question usually."
lu "I am, how you first years like to say, {i}‘the gem lending guy’{/i}."
lu "I take care of the gems here and lend them to students whenever necessary."
lu "Classes? Battles? Missions? I can provide it."
y s"Nice, so you’re exactly who we’ve been looking for."
lu "Anything for cuties like you, say, what, uhmm, what are you-"
lu "Are you sure he’s ok? He looks worse and worse."
q "You turn towards your dog friend who indeed seems a bit… green."
al "Alright, maybe I didn’t exaggerate as much as I thought, the crowd is… a bit much for me."
y sadsmile"Do you perhaps have a more quiet place around? Maybe a bathroom even?"
lu "I do have a bathroom but I wouldn’t want to make you stay there."
lu "Come on, you can stay in my office, and we can discuss your business here as well."
lu "Karina! You’re up to the counter!"
ka "Yes sir!"
q "From a chair, a small squirl… squarel… scurell?"
un squint"How the fuck do you…"
q "Squarell…sure- in a nice, fluffy dress and large hat, who places her comic book down and hurries to help the people at the counter. She can barely reach, but it doesn’t seem a problem for her, the enthusiasm on those cheeks is through the roof anyway."
q "Following the shirtless man into his office, your mind is divided between worry for your friend, and the swaying lion-like tail above this man’s pants."
lu "Here we are."
lu "You can look at whatever you want, just don’t touch."
y blush"Does that include you? Haha, {size=*0.5}I’m gonna kill myself.{/size}"
al "Wow. There are a lot of gems here."
al "Are they all yours?"
lu "Only some, most of them are from the Academy."
lu "I let anyone borrow mine as well if they resonate with them, I’ll just keep an extra eye on them in that case."
lu "Are you feeling any better already?"
q "His aloof expression says it all, walking away slowly and inspecting every gem in particular."
lu "I think he’s in heaven."
y simple"More like purgatory."
lu "You sure? Look at him."
y "He’s not a big fan of… dead gems. I think he’s just very curious."
lu "Ah. Yeah, my friend is like that as well."
y s"Your friend must love Nightfallen just as much then."
lu "Loving is an understatement."
lu "I remember when he tried to steal a bunch to release them. Poor fool."
lu "Lucky I stood up for him."
lu "Well, that, and he was good pals with the headmaster."
y s"Hah, yeah, that’s a bit much, but I feel like Alvy could do the same… if he wasn’t so shy."
al "Hey, mind if I-"
q "He points towards a large drawer that clearly hides many more gems in it."
lu "Eh, knock yourself out."
al "Oh… sorry then."
y sadsmile"No, Alvy, he means you can go ahead."
al "OH! Thanks!"
y "He’s new to modern speech."
lu "He just keeps resembling my friend more and more."
y "Are you sure it’s ok to leave all of those summoners alone in there? You won’t get in trouble, will you?"
lu "Nah, Karina loves taking care of students, even if she messes up sometimes… most of the time."
lu "Plus, you’re both recommended, aren’t you? Management would like me to give you some… extra attention."
y simple"We’re that special, huh?"
y smug"I’d say you gave us enough attention with that view."
lu "View? Ah, you mean these?"
zoom 1.6
yalign(0.6)
q "He gets a bit closer in front of you and flexes his muscles, making his pecs move and his one good arm grow bigger and harder."
y blush"Y-yeah, that-"
lu "This one’s the strongest."
q "He ends the little show by flexing his metal prosthetic."
lu "Little wyvern accident, don’t need to ask."
y blush"’Little’? I think it looks really cool anyway, you’re really cool."
lu "Thank you!"
lu "Your regular biological body is great too."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I have some fun?
→ Continue to flirt for a bit.
→ Get to the point.
--- END CHOICES ---

zoom(1.0)
lu "As much stalling as I’m trying to do before going to work, I have to ask-"
lu "What can I help you with today?"
y s"Nothing too complicated, I just need a gem for today’s auditions, that’s it."
lu "Easy enough."
lu "What level would you say you’re at in terms of summoning?"
y sadsmile"Uhmm, my friend would probably be advanced… I’ll take something for beginners."
lu "Really? As a recommended student? My friend summoned a demon during his auditions."
y bored"I’d rather you flex those muscles some more, not your friend."
lu "I’m just teasing, kind of."
y pf"I was scouted for my magic, I’m not very experienced in summoning."
lu "Alright, alright. Let me get a beginner's set."
q "This time, even the dog that’s been in his own world comes closer to watch."
lu "Here you go."
lu "You should be able to resonate with at least one of these."
q "He brings out a long box that contains a couple of very rough gemstones."
q "Cracked, deformed, what you’d expect from the lowest tier of shards."
al "And these are also dead?"
lu "Yeah, we’re not really allowed to lend the alive ones."
al "But you do have some."
lu "Yeah, suppose so."
q "In the meantime, you concentrate and hover your hand over the presented gems."
q "From the choices only one, the blue moon-crest shaped one starts to glow, and even vibrate."
q "A second surprise comes along as the dog’s ring glows as well, but just like last time, he hides it in his pocket."
lu "Seems like we have a winner."
lu "Strange, I never saw this one glow before, not even for-"
al "There’s another glow over there, look."
q "The three of you turn around to a corner drawer that looks like it hasn’t been opened in years, from which the ram retrieves another blue glowing shard."
q "Smaller than the one in the box, but much brighter."
lu "Huh, would you look at- Ah, Hey!"
q "As soon as he touches it, it flies away from his hand and reunites with its missing brethren."
q "The two pieces come together forming a new shape, and the glow stabilizes to a faint, pulsing cool tone."
lu "I have… never seen that either."
al "What did you just do?"
y surprised"I didn’t do anything… or nothing I had control over."
Scribbles?
un simple"Not my doing either."
lu "I suppose you two were not recommended for nothing."
lu "One summons demons at auditions, another one fuses gems, what can {b}you{/b} do?"
lu "Come on, all cards on the table, you got my full attention."
lu "You can resurrect Nightfallen, can’t you? That’s why you keep asking if they’re dead or alive?"
al "No! No, I swear. There’s nothing unique about me."
lu "I don’t buy it."
y pf"Me neither"
al "[name]!"
al "I have my own Nightfallen which is pretty rare for someone my age, I admit, but other than that-"
lu "What kind of Nightfallen are you compatible with?"
al "Huh? Uhm, I’m not sure, never tested it."
lu "It’s a room full of gems, no better time and place."
q "He seems a bit excited to try as well, but also scared."
q "He concentrates nonetheless, having two pairs of eyes burning into him."
lu "Aaaand the whole room is glowing, great."
q "Indeed, the whole room except for the little broken gem you just mended."
y surprised"Whoah!"
al "Whoah…"
al "What does that mean?"
lu "It means you can basically summon any of these gems if you wanted."
lu "And probably any gem you come across, judging by this."
lu "Congrats."
al "Hm. Neat."
y ec"See?! You’re more talented than you give yourself credit for."
al "Look who’s talking."
lu "Do you want to borrow any gem knowing this?"
al "I’m good, thanks, I prefer my own."
lu "You don’t own a live demon, do you? Just checking."
al "Nope. Not even close to that level, and that I know for sure."
lu "And about you, are you choosing that blue one?"
y pf"Yup! Not like I have much of a choice, being the only one that likes me."
lu "So that one is D71… but I have no idea what the smaller one was… Eh, doesn’t matter, they’re a single gem now anyway, I’ll register it as such."
al "When do the auditions start?"
y s"Like twenty minutes I think, but the sorcerers go first, so we won’t be late."
lu "A-are you leaving? You sure you don’t wanna check out more stuff?"
y "We got what we came here for, and there are no other choices for me so-"
al "{i}*cough cough*{/i}"
y simple"Huh?"
al "I’d love to check out more gems… especially after what you did."
al "We can’t just leave after such a tease."
lu "He’s right, you should investigate, with my help."
y pf"Hmmm…"
al "Pleaaase?"
y smug"{i}*sigh*{/i} Alright."
y "You get lost in the gem world while I spend time with this stud, just out of earshot."
al "Nice!"
lu "Great?"
pause 1.0
Aw shit, here we go again…
q "An introduction to this feeling is not needed anymore, but you know what you must do."
Funnily enough, this does not even change my current plans.
q "You shove your fingers inside the ram’s pants, grabbing him by the belt and dragging him into the corner."
zoom 1.8
yalign(0.6)
xalign(0.4)
lu "Ok… that did things for me."
lu "Is it wise to start something like that with your friend here?"
q "You grab the ram by the wrist and drag him a bit further away, in a respectful yet authoritarian manner."
lu "I sense questions incoming."
y confused"You don’t seem to want us to leave, why?"
lu "Is it hard to believe I simply like you?"
y "Come on, it may be true, but there’s something else as well."
zoom 1.0
lu "Alright, fine."
lu "It’s boring and stressful out there, ok?"
lu "I love this job, but they’re becoming more and more strict with the paperwork and the rules, and every gem I lend I have to be afraid of some kind of possible punishment if I don’t get it back in time."
lu "Like that’s somehow my problem."
lu "Not to mention first year summoners aren’t very interesting or fun."
lu "Aside from you two, of course. You’re probably more interesting than most seniors, in fact."
lu "Not to mention very cute."
q "You try not to blush but fail miserably."
lu "Also kind of dumb."
lu "Not you! Them. The other first years."
lu "Agh, I’m getting a migraine just thinking about it."
y simple"Is it always like this?"
lu "No, not even close, this is just a busy day."
lu "I don’t even have time to relieve some stress, it would help a lot."
y smug"I can help with that."
lu "You do know what I’m referring to, right?"
y "Get off some steam? Blow one out? I don’t know what other figures of speech to use."
y hurt3"I’m a good stress toy, so I’ve been told."
lu "Heh, yeah?"
lu "I… appreciate the offer."
lu "Trust me, I’d accept in a heartbeat."
lu "I’m not seeing any opportunity to do it at the moment, even if it would make my day go by faster. I literally don’t have any time for that on my hands."
lu "Especially because she expires soon…"
y simple"She?"
lu "Three… Two… One-"
pause 2.0
q "Loud crashing noises can be heard from just beside the door, and the people’s murmurs intensify each second."
ka "{size=*0.6}S-sorry sir! I’ll find your gem from this pile in just… oh boy. Is next weekend alright?{/size}"
lu "{i}*sigh*{/i} I can’t leave her at the counter for more than ten minutes and thirty seven seconds {i}on the dot{/i}, otherwise chaos ensues."
y bored"So you’re saying you don’t have time to fuck me because you need to be at the counter?"
lu "That’s… yeah, basically it, perhaps when I’m off-"
y "I'm also busy the rest of the day."
lu "That's a shame, then-"
y smug"Then see you below the counter."
lu "What?"
y determined"Quick, yes or no? Blowjob from me in the next two minutes?"
q "The ram is left bewildered as you push him towards the door and open it, and get ready to close it behind him at the same time."
lu "Yes!{w=0.5}{nw}"
q "Is the last thing you hear before the door gets shut completely."
q "The people outside, including his sque- mammal friend are certainly happy to see him, so you won’t find him back for any clarifications."
un simple"Are you actually doing what this mind of yours is imagining?"
un sidee"Loving the idea, don’t get me wrong, but there are a lot of people outside, you know?"
I’ll be behind the counter, nobody will see.
un curious"How do you plan on getting there without being seen?"
I don’t know, how do you plan on getting me there?
un bored"Damn you."
Hey, you wanna suck a dick or boil in this Lust Rush?
un ang"Grrrr… alright."
un eyeroll"I can make you… transparent."
un "Anything else would take too much of your magic, but that should work well enough."
Fine by me!
q "The short woman, Karina, enters the door at that moment, looking around with an unsure expression on."
ka "Hello? Luis told me to supervise the one named Alvy?"
y ec"Yup, he’s just over there, he loves people, go say hi."
ka "O-ok."
y determined"Scribbles power activate!"
y smug"And are you trying to say two first years are making any improvements to your state of being?"
lu "Heh, yeah, as absurd as you think it sounds. You're both very neat, in different ways."
lu "Under other circumstances I would've loved to know you better. Maybe even invite you to dinner sometime, especially you, alone."
y sadsmile"That's very nice of you, I couldn't refuse if it happened."
lu "Really? I'd be glad to hear it, but that would be cheating I believe, considering the things I have in mind for you."
y blush"I-I'm not... wait, cheating? As in... me and Alvy? T-together?"
lu "You did not finish a sentence yet there."
y sadsmile"What I meant is... we're not together, me and him."
lu "But you want to be."
y "I... Yeah... suppose so."
lu "Too bad for me then, no shots will be thrown today."
lu "But I do think you should go have a nice afternoon enjoying those auditions with him, trust me."
y smug"Fine, fine, I get a hint when I hear one."
y "I can't promise we'll have a great time watching the summoners though."
lu "Nothing is too boring if you're with the right people."
y ec"Hey, Alvy! Let's go, we'll be late!"
q "Scribbles, aka: me, casts a transparency spell on you as soon as you open the door."
q "Light bends and shifts around your body. Not quite invisible, but unless someone looks directly at you with intense focus, you should be good to go."
blur 25
q "You quickly slither under the table next to him, like a snake, a snake hungry for cock."
q "The ram is busy catering to the few students still undecided on their gems, or ones that simply have questions."
q "He watches with warm amusement as you crawl under the table, his tail swishing behind him."
q "He spreads his legs wider, giving you better access to his growing erection."
y smug"{size=*0.6}Let’s see what we’re working with{/size}."
q "He is more than willing to cooperate as you unzip his pants and try to drag them down to the floor."
lu "{size=*0.6}Hurry up, this is exciting but I still have enough shame to not want to be caught with my pants down, literally.{/size}"
y simple"{size=*0.6}Are you going to get in trouble otherwise?{/size}"
lu "{size=*0.6}At the sex school? Be for rea-{/size} {b}HI!{/b} Welcome, how may I help you?"
q "Looks like he’ll be busy from now on, but so will your mouth."
q "You reach out and rub his growing erection with hunger in your eyes."
q "Some precum already starts to ooze out in no time."
q "Your quick, hot, heavy breaths make his cock shiver in anticipation."
y bleed"I can’t decide if I want to continue the foreplay or begin the show."
q "One hand is unbuckling your own belt and the other continues to stroke the hefty meat."
q "With your whore expertise you deduce it has to be around nine inches long, girthy and veiny, with a considerable amount of cum shooting from those heavy balls right down your throat in no time."
q "The ram continues his business like usual. Nobody suspects their conversation partner could be naked from the waist down, with a hungry kitten stuck to his crotch."
q "As soon as your tongue ghosts over his sensitive flesh, Luis’s hips twitch forward involuntarily. His regular hand trying its hardest not to grab your hair and push you forward."
q "He rocks his hips, rubbing his cock against your lips, smearing them with his essence."
q "With all the lust accumulated you simply can’t stall any longer."
q "Your mouth opens wide and there goes the man’s rod. Swallowed whole in one go."
lu "Y-yup, these are t-the ones I recommend."
lu "Damn it, you thirsty kitty…"
lu "Yeah, no, I mean I got some more in these drawers."
q "You hold it in, with your nose pressed deep in his pubes. A satisfying smirk would be plastered on your face at the fact that no hints of gagging can be heard, if your jaw allowed for any more movement, that is."
y boba"{i}Sluuurp, mhmm, shlop, shlop-{/i}"
q "Soon, some obscene sounds of slurping and suckling reach the ram’s ears, making his cock throb with need, but also worry."
q "If he can hear it, others might as well, and he knows it."
lu "{size=*0.6}Sorry, man, I’ll have to shut you up the only way I can think of.{/size}"
q "His powerful leg wraps around you like a vine, pulling you in closer and keeping you locked in."
q "Your movement is limited but not stopped. Still, that is enough for the sloppy smacking sounds to quiet down just enough."
lu "A succubus? Y-yeah, got some right here."
lu "{i}*huff*{/i} Careful, these things will suck the life out of you, haha… literally."
q "You sure are sucking some years from his life, with your head bobbing, hungry tongue slobbering over your prey."
q "You have to give credit where it’s due, even receiving the head of his life; he’s still as professional as ever, guiding the inexperienced students and looking out for their needs, with barely any shiver or stutter to his voice and body."
q "You haven’t touched yourself up until now, and you don’t have to-"
q "The sweet, strong scent of his shaft and balls and the pressure it builds up in your throat, combined with the lust that’s yet to be satiated get you closer and closer to orgasm."
q "’A desperate eager slut, ready to cum from a single dick in his mouth’, your thoughts, not the narrator’s."
q "Your tongue covers your teeth and glides up and down, feeling every pulsing vein and ridge on that monster in its way, until it touches the fur at the base and the cycle begins anew."
q "Without a warning or a sign from the happily conversing ram, the juicy, wet shaft starts throbbing violently, the balls flex eagerly and his legs tighten around you, as if his cock in your mouth wasn’t enough to cut the air out."
q "Hot, thick ropes of cum shoot straight into your stomach, with no chance of escaping. You close your eyes tightly and wait, pump after pump for what feels like ages."
q "In the meantime, your own climax starts as well. How can you even begin to comprehend having the semen of another man so deep inside you, and not shoot your own shots?"
q "Slowly, the ram lets go, the leg lock softening along with his cock, allowing you to guide it out."
q "What kind of service would it be if you left the poor man in this state?"
q "Of course you put your tongue to work one last time, as a sign of gratitude, and clean any mess remaining."
q "Most of his seed was pumped down your throat, but some drops and traces still remain, and this kitty won’t let any go to waste."
q "At last, you help him with his underwear and pants, as well as the buckle."
q "A pat on his thigh and an under-the-table fist bump marks the end of your little experience, with the Lust Rush long gone now."
q "You do wish you could thank him for the good time, but the quick glance with a smirk and wink he gives you will have to suffice, he’s a busy man, but a less stressed one now."
blur 20
un simple"I assume you want another spell-"
y smug"Eh, keep the magic."
q "Y-you get out from under the table, zipping your pants back up."
pass
q "Confused murmurs can be heard around the room as you look around nonchalantly and unbothered, whistling a happy tune."
q "Luis seems amused by your move, and even a man like him knows how to blush."
lu "[name], how do I convince you to marry me?"
y ec"Be a five-five shy dog with mommy issues."
lu "Hah, of course."
q "You pat him on the shoulder and he caresses your hand one last time, before continuing to serve the still confused audience."
q "A knock on his office door will be enough to let your friend know it’s time to go as well."
q "Saying goodbye to the weirdly sexy ram, you make your way back up the stairs, until the dog starts to trail behind."
y simple"Something the matter?"
al "It’s the sorcerers doing their auditions now, correct?"
y "They’ll start in a minute if they haven’t already, yeah, why?"
al "Do we have to be there?"
al "Isn’t it just better to stay in an office filled with gems… just the two of us, until our turn comes?"
y sadsmile "Oh come oooon! It’s going to be fun!"
y "There are people I’m very interested in watching show off."
al "But people are surely going to approach us, since we’re recommended students and all."
y pf"Hmmmm."
y "I do have an idea."
q "You rummage through your backpack looking for a specific item."
y ec"Here you go!"
al "…"
al "Really?"
y must"You wanna trade with me or something?"
al "IIIIIII’m good."
al "But this will not be fooling anyone."
y "Better than nothing!"
y "Now let’s go! I don’t wanna miss Tate’s and Coal’s auditions."
al "I’m going to regret so many things, so very soon."
q "Your little disguises prove to actually work-"
q "In some ways."
q "Yes, they are turning heads, everyone wants to take a look at you, but they don’t seem to realize who you are."
q "That, or they’re too scared to approach."
q "In any case, while you find two secluded seats to watch the auditions, your cat friend’s turn comes to be called into the arena."
y must"WOOHOOO! GO TATE!"
al "Are you really that close?"
y "I spoke to him like four times, we’re basically best friends."
al "Why do I feel like he would agree."
al "Do you know what he’ll do?"
y "He can teleport as far as I know, not sure about anything else."
al "How will that help him against that thing?"
y "He could… uhm, I’m not sure."
q "The cat looks around at the crowd, as if making sure all eyes are on him, before conjuring a ball of magic in his hand."
y must"Oh, he’s doing something."
al "Electricity perhaps?"
q "After a moment, he shoots the ball towards the target dummy, and it vanishes completely."
q "The arena falls silent."
al "He didn’t just obliterate that… Did he?"
y must"I don’t think- LOOK THERE!"
q "A small shadow grows larger and larger in the same spot where the dummy was."
q "With a loud crash and a massive dust cloud later- the machine is nowhere near functional, crumbled into pieces."
al "He shot a teleportation spell and let gravity do the work, interesting."
y must"I didn’t know teleportation could work like that."
un bored"If I have to talk about his teleportation one more time I’m gonna vomit."
Why? We didn’t talk about it at all, ever, did we?
un sidee"Uhmm, I’m just not a fan of mobility spells."
That seems like a weird ick to have. They’re extremely useful spells!
un ang"Shut up and let me have my own opinions, alright?!"
d "WHAT A GREAT DISPLAY OF OFFENSIVE TRANSPORTATION MAGIC!"
d "NEXT UP WE HAVE ANOTHER PROMISING FIRST YEAR, COAL, LET’S WELCOME HIM INTO THE ARENA!"
d "NEW DUMMY REQUIRED AS WELL PLEASE!"
y must"Coal, huh?"
y "I wonder what he does."
q "The panther walks in with a confident expression and steady hips, on which rests a peculiar device, the one he’s been carrying and guarding the whole time, almost as obsessively as your dog friend and his backpack."
q "As soon as the match starts, he powers up his device, and in moments, a beam of energy shoots out from it, creating a large hole right in the center of the dummy