."
h"Just, don't turn your backs towards them, literally."
h"Others fall under
the government's protection, those being the ones capable of speech and complex thoughts and that are also not an immediate danger."
h"This type is still not to be messed with."
h"They are not known for being violent towards strangers, unless threatened."
h"Some- are nothing more than vicious monsters."
h"Ready to use your body and devour your flesh at the first opportunity given."
h"Must be exterminated on sight."
h"While others..."
h"Let's just say they are better left only for the most experienced of Hunters..."
h"Or else-"
Usually, the consequences of losing against a Nightfallen is that they’ll use you to satisfy their lust, and you’ll come back with no gem in hand.
A bit of a shame, but many people use Nightfallen just to train, and don’t need to kill them.
h"One more thing to keep in mind when fighting Nightfallen, the main aspect that distinguishes them from us, is the significantly increased libido levels they possess."
Yup, there we go.
H "If encountering a Nightfallen that outmatches you, the best course of action is to give no resistance, and they’ll most likely leave you alone once they’re finished."
They’re much more docile when satisfied, even the dangerous ones.
H "More on that will be explained by your professors."
I can’t wait for those classes, but I’ll definitely kill myself if I’m chosen to demonstrate anything in front of the class.
h"Let's continue."
h"Although far less dangerous than their ancestors, nobody knows what their birth source really is."
h"However, the Nightfallen brought with them an unintentional gift."
h"When defeated, in their stead remains only ash, and a gem."
h"A gem infused with energy, varying in size and potency depending on the Nightfallen's strength."
h"In order to maintain our energy, we need Hunters."
h"Brave Hunters that collect gems and protect the people in need."
h"Hunters, like you."
He points at us.
Somehow that gave me chills. In a good way, I think.
h"The ones who will make our country prosper!"
y bored"That's so extra..."
y smug"I love it!"
The room gets filled with noise from excitement.
h "And that is why… I’m implementing a new test."
Deathly silence accompanies the Headmaster’s words. Finally, the topic that everyone wants to hear more about, from first years to seniors.
{i}'Tartarus'{/i} looks a bit concerned, should I be as well?
h"As the new Headmaster of the Academy, it is my duty to ensure the safety of all students, while making sure the final Hunters that leave this place are equipped with the necessary knowledge and expertise to tackle the job."
h"To prove you are worthy, a little test will take place this Friday, beginning at 9 AM sharp and lasting 3 days."
h"Are you ready to face your responsibilities? That is the main question you’ll have to answer in what I call {i}The Progression Test. {/i}"
h"It is a multitude of tasks, created by me and a specialized group of individuals, that each student has to complete at the start of the year to prove they have what it takes to go further."
H "Any hints regarding the contents of this test will be a secret until the very second it starts."
H "All you need to know is that they will be catered to each individual’s abilities, and if you consider yourself a good candidate to become a Hunter, you’ll have nothing to fear."
h"In the meantime, all first year students will spend the rest of the week getting familiar with the school grounds, lessons, Shards and Shardmates."
H "Don’t bother studying or training — any skill you’ll need for the test should already be in your arsenal if you’re serious enough about it."
Alright!
I've been getting ready for this all my life!
And by that, I mean I haven’t!
I had no idea there was going to be a 3-day-long test…
I thought we're just going to be given a sheet of paper with questions, like 'how to easily defeat a mimic Nightfallen.'
Answer: Satisfy their libido until the shell breaks.
Yeah, I know my theoretical assignments.
But I suck at physical ones…
But surely I can withstand the test, right?
un bored"You don't sound very confident, and that's a problem for me too."
Un "Technically someone with your talents should be able to pass any Hunter test."
You think so…?
Un "Emphasis on {i}‘should’{/i}."
h"I see a lot of worried looks from the crowd, and let me ease those worries by saying there is an approximate 42%% chance of passing the test."
That is... not very assuring. Less than half? Seriously??
At least give us some more hints, man!
I’m not the only one who didn’t like those odds, and the Headmaster notices it.
H "Aghem, moving on-"
h"Our academy cannot protect you from danger 24/7 when leaving the school grounds. Upon signing the admission forms, you have agreed that your safety is your own responsibility."
h "Please only leave the barrier with a Shardmate, professor, or experienced local."
h"The Test will determine if you have the capability of protecting yourselves."
h"If you fail, you must settle for a cushioned life in the city, letting the actual Hunters do their work."
h"And remember, contrary to what you might be accustomed to, graduating here should be a privilege, not an entitlement."
h"Now, with all that out of the way-"
h"Before this meeting ends, I'd like to congratulate the young prodigies we have scouted this year."
Oh right, I forgot about them — I wonder who the lucky ones are.
He points into the crowd at a muscular bunny girl after presenting her name.
Rose Battlebrook.
Y s"She definitely looks like a warrior. I can see why someone would recommend her."
s "She’ll probably be a Slayer or Defender…"
{i}Tartarus{/i} seems disappointed.
The crowd takes me by surprise with the overwhelming noise from all the cheers and claps.
As for me, I'm clapping in awe at the Headmaster's ability to pinpoint a student that he’s probably only seen in pictures.
The next one, a jet-black panther, looking very stoic, but friendly, Coal Vendetta.
Not a very unique name for a panther.
Maybe it's a metaphor — {i}'coal'{/i}, after his dark heart?
Heh.
s "Doesn’t look very magical."
Y simple"Should he?"
And the last one, a floppy-eared dog named Alvy, very shy, startled by the clapping and the new eyes on him. The opposite of a certain cat I know.
Y worried"He looks like he wants to disappear."
But at least he has no real weird qualities I can point out.
A normal guy.
y s"Those are the so called {i}'prodigies'{/i}, heh?"
y "I’d like to meet them and know who recommended them."
h"And last but not least."
Four?
I thought they only pick a maximum of three each year.
He points at me and shouts my name.
Oh.
OH!
I forgot I technically fall into that same category.
This is embarrassing...
Tartarus looks at me wide-eyed and claps faster and harder than he did for the others.
h"This concludes our school meeting; designated Shard members will now distribute the brochures and schedules."
h"Have a nice rest of the day and thank you for participating."
With those last words, he's out.
He seems passionate about his new job.
And also, in a hurry to be somewhere… could be tied with why he was late.
s"Wow, wasn't that just exciting!"
s"So you're one of those {i}'special'{/i} guys, huh?"
s"Why didn't you tell me?"
s"It's so cool that we're now best friends!"
s"Anyway, here is your Sorcery brochure, see ya in the Shard’s meeting room, you have directions on-"
y worried"{size=*1.4}W{/size}{size=*1.35}A{/size}{size=*1.3}I{/size}{size=*1.25}T{/size} {size=*1.2}W{/size}{size=*1.15}A{/size}{size=*1.1}I{/size}{size=*1.05}T{/size} {size=*1}W{/size}{size=*0.95}A{/size}{size=*0.9}I{/size}{size=*0.85}T{/size}!"
s"Something wrong?"
y simple"Ahm, I thought I could choose between four different Shards. I haven't made my final decision yet."
s"Oh no no, you got it all wrong."
s"As a first year you HAVE to join the Sorcery Shard, it's the rules, you can choose another one later."
y"Oh… I didn't know that."
s"Yeah."
s"We can't all be the sharpest tool in the shed."
s "If we wait for that lion to give us every single detail of the rules we would be here for days."
s"Now if you could just sign right here so you can officially join the Shard, that would be great."
He hands me a pen and a list; three pages under this blank one are already signed.
Wow, are all of these from today? When did he get so many people to sign this?
As I’m about to sign, loud moans of disappointment can be heard from behind.
un3 "Sorry guys, this is important, hah, it’s my job."
From the crowd, a tall wolf with no sleeves hurries towards us. It's that same guy that was staring at me a bit too much for comfort when I walked in.
All the people that were surrounding him seem to disperse after the shattering disappointment that they can’t suffocate him anymore.
d "You do nooot want to sign this."
He gently grabs the list from my hands, with ears flattened and a sorry expression on.
Y "{size=*0.6}Cute…{/size}"
d"Tate, are you trying to scam first years again?"
t"W-what?!"
t"I-I don't know what you're talking about, Dallan!"
t "{size=*0.6}I thought I was far enough to not be heard…{/size}"
d"How many did you get already? There are three whole pages to this list."
t "You don’t wanna know."
y simple"{i}'Tate'{/i}?"
t"Damn it, Dallan, you ruined my cover too!"
t "Damn himbos…"
y"What's going on?"
d "Apologies for the confusion. You see, Tate here, got in a bit of trouble, and has to gather as many signatures for the Sorcery Shard as he can, as punishment."
D "Detention was off the table this time, so we went with something that would benefit everyone."
d"The Sorcery Shard has the least members, because, of course, only about one in four people are born with magic, and the new Headmaster wants to change that."
D "The numbers in the Shard, that is."
t"Hey! If you go around telling people about my task they won't sign!"
d"That's the point, Tate."
d"You have to convince them, not lie to them."
D "If the only reason you want people in your Shard is to get out of punishment, then your heart is in the wrong place."
t"Ughh, but none of these losers have cool magic powers!"
t"-and come oOoOn."
t"Why isn't 'Tartarus' sticking to people?"
t"It's a cool name!"
t "Merina cringed so hard when I told her I thought her ears fell down as she flattened them."
t "I was SO sure it was my magnum opus — it even kiiind of sounds like my current name."
t "Tate- Tartarus, Tate- Tartarus, you see the vision, new guy?"
y "I mean… like five percent? Maybe? I’m not-"
un3 "Will you pipe down already, that name is so edgy it's scratching my ears…"
And a wild tiger appears!
Actually, it's the other guy that was staring at me…
All the people who saw my amazing entrance seem to want to be around me.
Anyone else wants to butt in?
un3"It's almost as bad as your last 'name'."
un3"{i}’The Prince of Shadows’.{/i}"
un3 "What were you even thinking?"
t"A-Aiden hiii~"
t"Oh."
t"Do you hear that?"
t"I think my vice leader is calling, gotta go!"
a"Yeah, sure, like that awkward little mouse you call vice leader would ever shout in a public space."
Tate tried to teleport away like he did before, but the tiger, Aiden, stopped him with a spell of his own.
Just a snap of his fingers was all it took.
t"Eeehh?"
un simple"That was a nice trick. You should try to learn it, you might need to deal with that cat in the future."
Aiden seems to intimidate Tate quite a bit.
a"Calling yourself 'Tartarus' is disrespectful, both towards your parents and Hades himself."
a"Although I doubt you know who that is."
t"Hades?"
t"I hardly know her."
t"Wait, Dallan came here to stop me, but why are you here?"
a"Because the more people you manage to scam, the less my Shard will get."
The tiger shoots daggers with his eyes at the cat. Metaphorical ones, of course.
A "I’m making double sure you don’t succeed."
t "Ahuh, of course, no other reason."
Un "His real motives shall forever be a mystery."
a"You either take Dallan's advice and quit being a pest, or disappear under mysterious circumstances."
t"Noted."
d"I'm sorry, where are our manners?"
d"Tate, you seem to know this fine feline-"
Me? Fine? W-well, if he says so…
un bored"He's just being polite, stop drooling."
d"Care to introduce us?"
t"No."
Two death stares go his way from left and right at that exact moment.
t"Geez, fine, fine."
T "If the Defender’s leader is mad then you know it’s serious."
D "Sorry, I just want to make sure everyone is equally respected."
t"{i}*cough* *cough*{/i}"
t"The seemingly polite wolf here is the leader of the Defender's Shard, Dallan, who's last name I don't remember, but who cares anyway?"
Dallan doesn't seem fazed by the comment; he keeps a smile on and offers his paw for me to shake.
D "Dallan Heart! Forever at your disposal. Find me for anything you need, and I’ll be sure to assist!"
Y ec"Oh, that’s nice to know, thanks."
I humbly accept his paw, he's very gentle for someone with paws double my own.
I bet that grip could break some bones if necessary.
t"And the cranky guy is Aiden, vice leader of the Slayer's Shard."
Aiden gives me a head nod. He offers his hand as well, but unlike Dallan, he gives me a very tight shake, then quickly retracts it and looks away.
Y awkward"N-nice to meet you, ouch."
A "I’ll do anything for you too… if you need me, that is. I’ll be around, maybe."
Y "O-okay."
T "Subtle."
t"Aaand, now that SOMEONE ruined the fun, my actual name is Tate."
t"The leader of…"
t"Nothing."
t"Yet!"
t"I'm trying out some new names for my future Hunter career."
t"I suppose I should cut 'Tartarus' out of the list."
a"Obviously."
d"That would be for the best."
t"And this is Hole Guy."
Bruh.
a"Excuse me?"
d"Hole?"
a"Is that a metaphor for slu-"
y awkward"N-no, no, my name is [name], you might have heard it from the Headmaster too."
t"I found him in a hole in the ground."
Y "Can we not talk about that…?"
a"Oh."
d"Interesting."
y happy1"Anyway, nice to meet all of you!"
y"So I take it that you three are friends?"
t"The very best!"
a"No."
d"Everyone is my friend!"
They all had quick and straight forward responses, though very different.
D "We have known each other for a long time."
T "Yeah, we do go way back."
A "Victims of circumstance."
y awkward"I-I see, good to know?"
t"Well, if you don't sign up for my Shard now, maybe you'll do so later?"
t"When my 'besties' here won't be around to stop you."
t"Look, the badge matches your eyes!"
Tate says pointing at his badge.
t"Here is the brochure containing all the information you need."
t"I bet someone as gifted as you will have no problem getting in."
d"Right, here is one for the Defender's Shard too. I'd love to have you in our Shard — you seem to have a big heart!"
d"You'd fit right in."
y"You really think so?"
d"Certainly! Besides, with all your power, it would be a shame not to use it to protect people."
Oh no, they think I'm a big deal because I was scouted…
a"Join the Slayer's Shard."
a"If you want to graduate that is."
a"It has the highest graduation percentage of all the Shards."
Aiden rushes to give me his brochure too.
t"Pfft, because it has the easiest classes."
y simple"Isn't that a good thing?"
t"I- I mean-"
t"Well-"
a"Yes, yes it is."
A "Besides the fact they’re easier, I will personally make sure you find success there."
Woah, what did I do to get this kind of VIP treatment?
D "A-and I will spend as much time with you as you want, to make sure you’re familiar with every nook and cranny of this wonderful place!"
A "You’re being selfish right now."
T "You both are."
A "I have a good reason."
D "I just want to be helpful-"
Their arguing is TV static in my mind as I’m taken by the thought of three hot men caring so much about me.
This place has many great things to offer. Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful meal.
t"Aghh! You two are ruining everything!"
I gladly take all three brochures to finally appease them.
y happy1"Thanks, I appreciate it, I'll just need some time to decide and let you guys know."
They all look dumbfounded that I didn't immediately choose their Shard after all the great offers.
un bored"That might be because people that dedicate their lives to hunting Nightfallen usually know the general direction they want to go by adulthood, unlike you."
I'm offended by your honesty, but you're right.
y"Soooo."
y"Do any of you have a schedule for me, by any chance?"
y "I’d like to know what this place has to offer before the test and classes begin."
adt "YES."
All three of them say at the same time, each attempting to hand me one.
They give each other a quick glare. It lasts less than a second, but the intensity made the atmosphere around us attract the attention of multiple people.
un "The schedule is the same for everyone, so obviously it doesn't matter which one you choose."
y awkward"Uuuuhhmmmmm."
Y-yeah, it doesn't matter.
un ang"Come on, just choose one!"
Tate is vibrating while smiling.
Dallan is starting to sweat.
And Aiden’s eyes are absolutely fixated on me.
Alright, I'll just choose…

--- CHOICES ---
→ Whose should I take?
→ Dallan's modest schedule, that he's also holding upside down.
→ Aiden's… laminated schedule?
→ Tate's schedule, with some unidentified red substance on it.
--- END CHOICES ---

I take Dallan's paper. I don’t need anything fancy or… dirty, this will do just fine.
He’s also the only one that held the schedule so that I’d be able to read it before deciding, very thoughtful.
He sighs heavily, engulfing my hand with his hot breath.
He must’ve held that in for a good minute.
a"Tsk."
You never wanna hear a bad boy making that noise.
t"Fine, your loss, I'll give this to someone that appreciates cranberry jam."
He licks the paper.
t"Yum."
t"That person might just be me."
He licks the paper some more.
I think he forgot what we were even doing.
Aiden throws the schedule behind him, looking somewhat disappointed.
st "Can I have this?"
A"I'm not your dad."
st "Thanks!"
I take Tate's schedule, it intrigues me.
I grab the paper and touch the red substance out of curiosity, giving Tate a quizzical look.
y confused"And this is?"
t"Oh don't mind that, it's just cranberry jam."
Y "Why is it here?"
T "Better question, how does it taste?"
Y "How would I-"
He gets closer, takes my hand and pops my finger in… his mouth.
I have no words... or actions, so I look up at the two guys watching this.
Dallan looks a little taken aback, sad even, but he's probably used to this weirdo's doings.
Aiden, on the other hand, is silently fuming in anger.
Dallan tries to hold him back, but he isn’t too sure himself what he's supposed to do in such a situation.
So he lets the tiger out of the cage.
Aiden pulls Tate away sternly by his hoodie.
a"WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT'S EVER SOMETHING ACCEPTABLE TO DO?!"
Tate looks more interested than scared by Aiden's sudden outburst.
He must feel protected by the crowd.
Also known as witnesses.
I have to say that I am too, even if I did nothing wrong myself.
My instincts are telling me to back off.
Dallan stays out of the way for this one.
I choose Aiden's paper; I love a good lamination job.
t"Ooh, shiny."
I take the paper and run my fingers along its margins.
y ec"Paper that doesn’t wrinkle, what a concept!"
Un "You’re that easy to impress?"
t"Pfft, you lucked out Aiden, he totally wants your-"
{i}*flick.*{/i}
t "Ouch!"
He wins a little flick from Dallan.
d "Don’t say something you might regret, Tate. Aiden is not in the best mood right now."
A "You’re a good friend, Dallan — you just saved a life."
T "Come oon, I was just gonna say that…"
T  "HE TOTALLY WANTS YOUR CO-"
{i}*WACK!*{/i}
A heavy hand slams his little body into the ground.
It might be his impressive magical abilities, or maybe I'm just hallucinating, but birds and stars fly on top of a now out of commission Tate.
Did he get hit because he was about to say…
un"Don’t get your hopes up."
un"Just because you make up an imaginary scenario in your head does not mean it is true."
d "Sorry… there’s only so many warnings I can give."
d"Can’t you go a little easier on him? He’s two times smaller than you."
a "His mouth is two times bigger."
d "You should at least try to control yourself around new people."
Dallan’s tone hits a little different with that sentence.
All of a sudden, the atmosphere gets so thick it could be cut with a knife.
D "You don’t usually take his words to heart so easily, do you?"
After holding Dallan’s gaze for a moment, Aiden decides it’s not worth the trouble.
Y simple"Phew."
A "Come on cat, get up, I didn’t hit you that hard."
T "The floor is pretty comfortable."
un"Ughh, this is so boring."
un"Come with me, we need to do something."
What? I can't just leave them hanging!
un ang"Yes you can, and you will, this is important."
So what do I say, {i}'thanks for everything but I gotta go now, bye'{/i}?
un "Yes, that is exactly what you say, because I don't care about them, and you shouldn’t either! They don't care about you as much as you think they do."
un "Obviously they’re kissing your ass because they want the newest shiniest ‘recommended’ student to join them."
There is a small hint of truth to your words… very small.
y awkward"Hey guys, sooo-"
y"Thanks for everything, but something actually just came up."
y"Uhm, I’ll see ya around?"
un"Hurry up."
y awkward"Okay, bye."
un"Ughh, this is so boring."
un"Come with me, we need to do something."
y worried"What? I can't just leave them hanging!"
un ang"Yes you can and you will, this is important."
So what do I say, {i}'thanks for everything but I gotta go now, bye'{/i}?
un "Yes, that is exactly what you say, because I don't care about them, and you shouldn't either! They don't care about you as much as you think they do."
un "Obviously they’re kissing your ass because they want the newest shiniest ‘recommended’ student to join them."
There is a small hint of truth to your words… very small.
y"Hey guys, sooo-"
y"Thanks for everything, but something actually just came up."
y"Uhm, I’ll see ya around?"
un"Hurry up."
y happy1"Okay, bye."
And so, I left behind three very nice people — and very attractive, too, mind you.
un"Oh, big deal. You'll get over it."
y simple"So where are we going, anyway?"
un"Just walk straight ahead, then you'll want to make a left."
We weave through the bustling crowd of students, the Academy alive with movement and chatter now that the gathering has ended.
un "Alright, take a left here."
y "Got it."
As I walk, it dawns on me that I am quite literally following a demon’s instructions.
Not exactly what I expected to be doing on my first day of school.
Well, nothing that happened today was in any way expected either, but this is beyond insane.
Though luck has never been on my side, so why did I expect anything different?
Un "You’re in too deep to give up now."
We keep walking in silence for a while.
y "So, where to now? Just straight ahead, or-"
un "Shut up, I’m thinking!"
y bored "Don’t you raise your voice at me, mister."
He sighs heavily, like I’m the most exhausting thing he’s ever dealt with.
un "Just stop."
un "Stop. Stop. Stop."
y "Are we there yet?"
We are standing in the middle of a completely unremarkable hallway.
un "No, we are not THERE yet…"
un "Plans have changed."
y angry "WHAT?"
y angry "You made me leave an {b}amazing{/b} conversation for NOTHING?!"
un "We clearly have different definitions of ‘amazing'."
un "But no, not for nothing. Our 'destination' is coming to us."
I lean against the wall, sulking, closing my eyes.
y bored "What?"
y bored "Okay, you’re nuts."
y bored "I think I’ll have you exorcised."
un "A deal’s a deal — you can’t break an agreement with a Demon so easily."
y "Yeah, well, a good lawyer could at least help with-"
st "Hi there."
I snap my eyes open, startled.
Standing before me is a tall, well-built equine, his piercing gaze intense yet oddly calming.
y simple "Uhm."
y sadsmile"H-hi. Can I help you?"
st "Actually, I was wondering if I could be of assistance to {i}you{/i}."
st "I saw you standing here alone and thought I’d check if you were alright."
st "I understand that for a first year like yourself, the Academy can feel a bit overwhelming."
th "My name is Therium. Does the beauty in front of me have a name?"
y confused "Me? Oh, I’m [name]. Nice to meet you, but… how did you know I’m a first year?"
th "You’re not wearing a brooch, so I assume you haven’t chosen a Shard yet, correct?"
y smug "Oh, yeah, that’s right. Good eye."
th "Also, you were… quite literally announced and pointed at publicly by the headmaster."
y simple "Oh… right."
y "Well, I don’t think I need much help in any case, but thanks. I’m just… waiting for a friend? Yeah, let’s go with that."
th "That’s good. Having friends here will serve you well."
th "Oh, here. Take this."
th "It’s a brochure for the Summoner’s Shard. Just like the Sorcery Shard, we require a brief audition."
th "A simple test to see what you can do."
th "But I have a feeling you’ll do just fine."
th "It’s still easier to get into than the Sorcery Shard, at least."
y happy1 "Thanks, I’ll think about it."
th "No problem, [name]. My duties call, but we’ll see each other again… many times, I’m sure."
y "I hope so, cya."
y "What a nice guy. Very charming."
y bored "Remind me again why was it {i}so important{/i} to meet him?"
un simple "Well, he’s the one handing out the Summoner Shard applications."
un "Which is {i}obviously{/i} where you belong."
un "If you actually want to fulfill our agreement as quickly as possible."
y pf "I’m not picking a Shard based on that alone."
Un "Oh, choosing a Shard based on a deal with the Devil is not a good enough reason, but getting cock is?"
y "What?! Who said anything about that? I’m basing it on my own preferences."
un "Yeah, preferences in body types. I’m not a divinator, but I can predict your Shard of choice will correlate to the first dick that enters you."
Y "But can you tell me WHEN that would happen?"
Un "Okay, whore, sorry for disturbing the waters."
un "But which one are you actually planning to join, if you’re so up in arms I’m wrong?"
y happy1 "Secret."
un ang "You are such a fucking-"
In the distance, three familiar voices become audible, and start growing quickly louder.
Un "Great, they’re already here…"
t "How is this my fault?! You two are the ones giving off all the wrong vibes!"
d "He left because you two {b}fools{b} can't behave."
t "Jesus Christ, Dallan, just call me a slur already, it would be received better."
D "*{i}gasp{/i}* I would never!"
a "And don't lump me in with {i}him{/i}!"
t "If you don’t wanna be here, just go a different way and stop following me."
a "I’m not following you because I want to, pipsqueak, I’m making sure you don’t find more victims along the way."
D "Why don’t you teleport there?"
T "Because there’s always the chance I meet [name] around if-"
T "HEY! THERE HE IS!"
… Shoot.
They spotted me.
Tate is mid-argument when he suddenly notices me standing there, staring blankly at the wall.
They all make their way over.
d "Hey, [name]! You sure left in a hurry, huh?"
He chuckles.
I blink, caught off guard. Even though I heard them coming, I didn’t expect them to actually acknowledge me.
I thought they’d have already forgotten I existed.
Though I’m glad they haven’t.
y blush "Uhm, y-yeah, sorry about that. I was in a rush."
a "To do {i}what{/i}, exactly?"
y awkward"Uhh…"
y "You see…"
I glance around in a desperate attempt to find an excuse. My eyes soon land on the portrait hanging on the wall.
Despite standing here for over ten minutes, I never actually took the time to look at it.
y awkward "I just… really needed another look at this masterpiece."
Y sadsmile"I mean, just look at it."
We all take a moment to silently study the… {i}thing{/i} depicted on the canvas.
t "It is… definitely… unique."
a "Yeah…"
d "What exactly is it?"
y ec"Not sure! That’s what makes it so fascinating."
a "Does it not have fur on its face…?"
t "I don’t think so."
t "The hands seem furless, too."
un"You know, you could have just said you had to make a call."
Don't you dare give me social advice; mister millennium spent in a crystal.
un"Just saying…"
We stare at the portrait for a couple more moments in silence.
...
a"No scales either."
t"We'll have to ask the original artist."
d"I can ask Chelsie to dig through the archives for whoever that is."
d"They must’ve left an invoice or something."
a"Good idea."
t"Why did they not sign their name on it?"
a"Who would want to be known for drawing that?"
d"Maybe it's a special commission."
a"Could it be written on the back?"
It seems like I sparked a bigger topic than intended with my lie.
Let's try to change it.
y s"So, where are you guys going together? Is there something I have to attend too?"
It worked.
All eyes on me once again!
d"No, don't worry, it's just the Shards' leaders and vice-leaders meeting, you can just..."
a"You should come with us too."
Aiden gives an embarrassed cough.
a"I mean, you can, if you want."
a"It's not against the rules or anything."
t"Oh, leave these old geezers, come with me on an adventure instead!"
a"You have to come too, shorty."
t "Here’s an idea: I skip it."
d"Merina and the Headmaster have to decide whether your punishment is over or not."
D "If you’re not there it will be extended automatically."
t"Ughhh, fine. But we can still go on an adventure together sometime, [name]."
t"Just give me a call."
t"Wait, you don't have my number."
d"And you don't own a phone."
t"That too."
t"Give me a scream, I'll hear it."
T "I love when pretty boys scream my name."
A "Fucker."
Aiden pulls Tate again by the hoodie and drags him away, Dallan following shortly after.
Should I really go?
What if I'm not welcomed by the others?
d"You coming?"
d"Aiden is right, you are allowed to, it's not against the rules but it's
not mandatory either, and you could learn some stuff about the Shards too."
d"And honestly, I'd rather you be there. Just personally, you know?"
y blush"Sure, why not."
Guess that answers my question.
I smile and go after them, Dallan's tail seemingly wagging from side to side.
I'm told we have to walk over fifteen minutes to the Shards' gathering place.
rock, paper, scissors with Tate and Dallan."
Tate doesn’t even have to look where he's going, because Aiden just keeps dragging him along.
He seems to enjoy the ride.
The loser has to try to get Tate free from Aiden's grasp.
He is playing along, as grumpy as he might look, even using some small-scale spells like 'iron grip' or 'anti teleportation'