.
The frown on his face cannot mask the fact that he is having fun.
It was an interesting scenery.
I have a feeling I won't get bored with any of these guys around.
I hope I don't jinx myself when I say that this will be a fun year.
If I don't die or get expelled.
The room is filled with students all gathered around a large table, engaged in quiet conversations or waiting for things to begin.
By the looks of it, we were the last ones to arrive, since everyone stops talking and gets to their places.
y simple "Sooo… what exactly am I supposed to do?"
t "Same thing as me."
t "Find a chair, sit back, and try not to die of boredom."
d "It’s not that boring- especially for a first year like you."
To be honest, I don’t care how fun or dull this meeting will be. Just being invited here feels like an accomplishment.
un "Pathetic."
Excuse me?! Do you have any idea how hard it is to make friends on THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL?!
un "My followers worshipped me the moment they laid eyes on- "
No. You don’t. So shut it.
Dallan takes his place at the center of the table and starts the meeting.
I grab a seat next to Tate, while Aiden takes a spot in what I assume is the vice leader’s section.
y simple"I didn’t know Dallan was such a big deal around here."
t "Yeah, he’s like… the leader of the Shards, I suppose?"
t "Unofficial title, but everyone just respects him naturally."
t "His main title is the leader of the Defender’s Shard, which is exactly why nobody wants to join the Sorcery Shard!"
t "That damn, muscular wolf…"
y simple "Uhmm… could it be that you actually need to be born with arcane powers to be in that Shard? So you naturally get less people in there? Just a wild guess."
t "No."
t "It’s all about popularity around here. And sex appeal, trust me."
T "The hotter you are, the more friends you’ll have, simple math."
Y smug"Then you must have tons of friends."
T "Aw. You’re so sweet, I could just- {i}yaaawn{/i} suck on your fingers…"
Y simple"… oh. Okay."
It makes sense, I guess. In a place where power and beauty go hand-in-hand, the more desirable you are, the more energy Nightfallen drop when they fall.
Or, to put it bluntly: Make the monsters as horny as possible for maximum profit.’
I wouldn’t want to stand out, so although I don’t follow the cat’s lead to fall asleep at the table, I do shut my mouth.
Aiden, meanwhile, focuses on a stack of papers in front of him, though I notice his ears are subtly turned toward Dallan. He’s listening, even if he pretends not to.
Dallan goes on about this year’s budget distribution for Shard equipment and the security measures needed for their members.
Each Shard has its own unique risks.
Obviously, someone from the Sorcery Shard isn’t likely to get stabbed in battle, but there’s still a chance of, you know… falling from a high place or just straight-up exploding. 
…That sounds painful.
As the meeting progresses, other students begin taking turns speaking, and I actually learn a lot- things they don’t tell you online.
Like how the seafood at dinner tonight is supposed to be incredibly fresh, so everyone should go for it.
Or how there’s a new Sorcery professor this year, and according to everyone in the room, he is ridiculously hot.
Honestly, after the first ten minutes, the whole thing turns into some kind of formal gossip group.
I definitely get the feeling they’re all good friends, to some extent.
Unfortunately, being one of the only first-years here, aside from Tate, I eventually draw attention to myself unintentionally.
I can feel their eyes on me every second.
Dallan must’ve noticed too, because he takes it upon himself to introduce me as one of the newest recommended students.
I’m not sure if that makes things better or worse.
Half of them cheer as I stand up to greet them.
The other half… just don’t care that much.
d "I think that’s all we needed to discuss for today. I doubt we need to meet again before the test begins, so I bid you all farewell, as well as good luck on the auditions and pair battles."
It’s over already? That was a pretty cooperative and efficient meeting.
After the last announcement, the leader of the Sorcery Shard, Merina, a graceful and beautiful fox, calls Tate’s name.
I reach over to wake him up, but before I can even touch him, he’s already on his feet, standing straight up in front of her.
She speaks to him briefly, and I watch as his ears droop.
Aiden, meanwhile, wastes no time. The moment the meeting ends, he practically sprints out the door.
Dallan stays behind, talking with the other Shard leaders. Every now and then, he gives me a quick glance, as if he needs something from me.
un "I know exactly what you’re thinking."
un "So let me warn you."
Un "You better leave your heart out of the next decision. It’s a pretty serious one, kid."
un tease "Who knows… it might change the course of history."
un "Or at the very least, your life, heh."
y bored"… Way to be dramatic."
menu mainchoice:
Who should I talk to?