."
a"Oh, right, that."
a"It's best you just see for yourself when we get there."
a"There is nothing to worry about anyway."
a"The practice is never difficult."
For someone like you maybe...
un simple"You shouldn't have much of a problem either."
un"Energy manipulation is not to be messed with."
ha... sure.
We finish breakfast and get going, thankfully, we won't have regular classes today.
The classes are devided depending on the Shard you're in, so that would be only after the 'test'.
On our way we walk past the arena again.
a"And that's where we'll be spending a lot of our time this week."
y happy1"Can we go inside?"
a"Yeah, but don't you want to get your room number and key first?"
a"I don't mind playing host again, but a guest room might not be as comfortable as your own room."
y simple"You're right, I almost forgot about that."
y"So where do we go for that?"
y"Or I should ask, to whom do we address with my problem."
d"That would be me."
d"Hello again."
t"Or me."
a "Hi."
to my surprise, Aiden doesn't try to kill any of them for butting in, on the contrary, greeted them calmly.
d"You have nothing to do with dorm room registration, Tate."
t"Well I can always ask Merina where it is."
d"That's cheating."
t"Cheating at what?"
d"Never mind."
d"Forget it."
Aiden sighs.
a"Come on, I'll get that number for you."
t"hey hey, don't leave us behind."
The four of us walk together towards the main building.
Aiden is walking just one step ahead of us.
Dallan and me are talking about our favorite workout routines.
It is very hard to pretend I know what I'm talking about.
The only workout I ever did was running, because speed is the one physical attribute I can be somewhat proud of.
He likes to work on his upper body, because all his responsibilities take care of his legs, with all the running around the campus he has to do.
Tate is trying to get some kind of reaction out of Aiden.
Seems like I am not the only one who noticed his sudden chill vibes.
But he is surprisingly calm about the little guy's attempts.
That's why for the rest of our walk the cat decided to stick with me and Dallan.
Offering his opinion whenever there was the chance.
Tate did develop a nice body he clearly liked to display from all his forest adventures.
Like digging a 20 feet deep hole in the road, for example.
We arrive at the Slayer's Shard meeting room.
In front of the door, where we stop.
a"Thanks for walking us here guys, we might see you later."
d"Oh, you don't think we're just going to leave you two alone, right?"
d"It wouldn't be very polite of us."
t"Yeah, besides, I wanna see Haima murder you for running away yesterday."
Aiden doesn't lose the smug smile on his face.
He picks Tate up by his armpits.
And hands him to Dallan.
a"Here"
a"take this."
Dallan holds Tate like with his arms extended like he's an undesired pet he has to take care of.
The little cat's feet don't touch the ground, it is a fun imagery.
d"Uhm, what should I-"
a"I believe someone has detention because of his missing signatures."
a"A Shard leader should be the one that makes sure he gets there."
t"What?!"
t"No!"
t"YOU CAN'T SHACKLE ME WITH YOUR COMPLETELY FAIR LAWS."
d"But I-"
a"No buts, now if you'll excuse us, we're a little busy."
Dallan gives me a sad look, but I had to let them go.
Rules are rules.
t"Dallan!"
t"Dallan, please, don't listen to that demon."
t"He's playing you."
Dallan puts Tate over his shoulder, and holds his legs with his free arm.
d"I'm sorry Tate, but he's right."
d"Cya later, [name], at practice maybe."
t"HE IS PLAYING US AAALL."
t"I HOPE HAIMA WRITES YOU A BAD REPORT!"
y awkward"Bye guys."
Dallan disappears around the corner, Tate's raging fists and a swinging tail being the last parts of them I saw.
a"Finally, some peace and quiet."
He looks satisfied.
Maybe he was so calm all this time because he knew he'll get rid of those two.
Just plotting and scheming all the way here.
Scary...
a"Now, shall we get going?"
He holds the door open for me.
I happily pass the threshold.
I am now inside the Slayer's main room.
Which looked old fashioned, but still welcoming.
There were a lot of other furs here, of course.
Many of them looked towards us, considering that their vice leader just entered.
y shoked"You're popular."
a"You can say that."
we walk past everyone as I shyly wave at the people that greet me along the way.
st"Rawr."
Did someone, just say 'rawr' at me?
Another person gives me a wink and a toothy smile.
I try not to look away from Aiden, as more people either have a lustful gaze on them, or lightly sweat with worry and anticipation.
Both actions being very strange to me.
and a big window in front of which stands a person."
Could this be the person Tate mentioned before being picked up?
What was their name again?
a"Greetings, Haima."
ha"Don't even try, Kiraman."
Haima disappears, and reappears in front of Aiden.
It was not a teleportation spell, the speed at which they moved made papers fly everywhere.
They aimed their black, bandaged hand at Aiden's head and struck with enough force to create a small air current around.
Aiden moved his head to the side, dodging the claw like hand without changing his expression.
The fur on the side of his face saw it's life flash before it's eyes.
y awkward"Is this something normal?"
Haima takes a step back after the failed murder attempt.
ha"What's your excuse this time?"
a"Don't have one."
a"But my paperwork is completed."
He reaches out his hand and pulls out a stack of papers out of nowhere.
y surprised"Woah."
Dimensional pocket.
I need to learn that so I don't have to carry a bag all day.
a"And I have an extra applicant in here too."
a"This is [name]."
He gets behind me and holds my shoulders.
a"Our new member."
He sounds proud.
Haima sits down and goes through his papers one by one.
ha"I remember him from the meeting."
ha"And why does he so desperately need to be presented to me personally?"
ha"in my office..."
ha"Being 'selected' does not come with extra benefits."
ha"At least not in my eyes."
y worried"I-I just need some information."
y"Uhm, about my room?"
ha"Right, guess I can help with that."
ha"So what?"
ha"did you sleep outside yesterday?"
ha"Are we gonna have another trouble making cat at this school?"
ha"One hobo is quite enough I'd say."
ha"I heard he managed to score a detention before school even started."
Aiden squeezes my shouders
a"He stayed with me."
ha"So that's the reason you disappeared."
ha"Too busy banging."
a"..."
y simpleblush"..."
ha"You should let the first years breathe at least a day."
ha"I know you can be desperate sometimes, but still."
ha"Besides, Monty's been looking to grab your tail for a while now."
ha"and you-"
a"Alright that's quite enough!"
a"clearly you've been drinking."
a"Don't listen to them, [name]."
He grabs my hand.
a"Come on, we'll get the info from Merina or Dallan."
ha"Relax, Aiden, I'm just teasing."
ha"You know I don't drink."
ha"At least not when I have work."
ha"Don't deny that you deserved it."
ha"Just because your paperwork is flawless somehow, doesn't mean you get to skip Shard discussions."
a"*sigh*"
a"I know, I'll be there next time, promise."
ha"We'll see about that."
ha"Now, let's see your room, little guy."
ha"Name?"
y"It's, [name]"
ha"Yeah, we all know that verbatim by now."
ha"The Headmaster sure likes his little 'prodigies'."
ha"What about family name?"
y simple"Oof."
y"Didn't choose one yet."
ha"What was that?"
y awkward"I-I mean-"
y"[name2]"
ha"Alright, let's see here"
They are searching through computer documents it seems.
Good to know technology is not doomed without internet.
ha"[name] [name2], room 72, the building is the same as Aiden's, so you must be familiar."
a"That's two levels above mine."
ha"And here is your keypass."
they hand me a card that I'm supposed to swipe at the door.
y happy1"Thank you so much, you were a great help!"
ha"Don't mention it."
ha"I'm assuming if you didn't have your room key, you don't have the lunch card?"
y"I-"
y"Don't even know what that is."
They glare at Aiden
a"Yeah, forgot about that one, I don't usually use it."
ha"Here, contrary to the name, this is valid for both lunch and dinner, just not breakfast."
ha"It might be the most important meal of the day, but it's also the one 75 percent of the students here skip."
y"I'll keep that in mind."
a"Are we free to go now?"
They take one more look at Aiden's paperwork and sigh.
ha"It pisses me off that I don't have a reason to say no."
ha"so I suppose you're free, but you'll have the responsibility of watching and probing the first years at practice."
a"Understood."
a"Let's go."
y"Bye Haima, thanks again!"
ha"Cya."
On our way back to the door, even more furs were staring at Aiden wide eyed, some looked scared, some relieved.
Haima is a scary person.
As soon as we close the door behind us, Aiden lets out a big breath of relief.
And who can blame him, he almost got a new hole in his face.
He's also shaking.
He's...
Clenching his teeth and frowning?
He does not look well
Is he angry?
y worried"Hey, Aiden?"
y"Are you ok?"
a"I'M FINE!"
a"I just."
a"need a minute, excuse me."
He hurries off around the corner.
y simple"Aaaand, I'm alone."
y"Superb"
y"Man, Haima must've got to his nerves."
y"Let's see, it's 9 AM, there are three more hours until practice starts."
y"I could head there right now."
y"To the arena."
y"I could try to find Aiden."
y"Or just stay here, wait for him to come back, and converse with the demon in my head."
un tease"You called?"
y bored"Not yet, I need to decide."

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I do?
→ Wait for Aiden inside
→ I sat down and waited.
→ Furs glance at me from time to time.
→ I see some of them try to approach me, but they all start sweating and change their mind fast.
→ The door of Haima's office opens, and now there is a new shortest person in the room.
→ Seeing everyone so stressed out around Haima is quite funny, hope I am not proven otherwise.
→ They step in the room and the noise quiets down, not completely, but noticeable.
→ They look around, until their gaze locks on me.
→ They look surprised to see me, and makes their way over to my corner.
→ Haima sat in a chair in front of me.
→ One of the Shard members brought us both drinks at that very moment.
→ Haima takes a sip of their drink.
→ I find myself trusting this small person.
→ I sure hope they can't read my mind...
→ They gulp down the rest of the drink and smack the mug on the table with a thud.
→ Talk with Scribbles
→ Haima opens the door and sees me sulking on the ground.
→ Alone.
→ They go back inside and come back a minute later with two mugs in one hand.
→ The bandaged one is not touching either of them.
→ Haima sat down beside me against the cool wall.
→ I look into the mug at the brown, sparkling liquid.
→ I take a sip, it's pretty good.
→ Haima takes a sip of their drink.
→ I find myself trusting this small person.
→ But I can't help thinking, are their motives genuine?
→ I sure hope they can't read my mind...
→ But I have to ask.
→ They gulp down the rest of the drink and smack the mug on the table with a thud.
--- END CHOICES ---

I arrive at the arena, with some time to spare.
Not a lot of other furs yet.
I look around, admiring the ancient architecture.
This place must be super old.
The walls had cracks in them and some of the pillars were demolished, one of them even looked cut clean.
a"It was made only 20 years ago actually, the damage is from the fights."
I turn around to see Aiden standing behind me.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Hug him.
→ I give Aiden a hug and bury my face in his chest.
→ He is surprised by my action, but embraces me after a second.
→ Despite the heat, I still want to stay like this forever.
→ His hands are very gentle, like he's not sure if he's allowed to touch me.
→ Scold him.
--- END CHOICES ---

y"I suppose as long as you're here now, I won't pester you too much about it."
a"Thanks, [name]."
a"I would explain myself, but-"
a"I don't even know how."
a"Not now at least."
y smug"I'll be waiting eagerly for that time to come."
a"Of course."
As we talk, more and more furs come into the arena, and soon, it fills up.
y simple"So, is this an official event or?"
a"No no, it's really just what the name says, practice, there is no reward or punishment."
a"except that more than half the academy will watch what you can do"
a"No pressure."
y simple"That sounds like pressure."
I feel a tap on my shoulder, I turn around and see two familiar faces.
Man, people sure do love taking me from behind.
Dallan looked the same as ever, big smile and ready for action.
Tate on the other hand...
a"What happened to the chipmunk?"
a"Got run over by the crowd walking here?"
a"They probably didn't notice him below their waist."
t"Ughhh..."
t"I wish..."
d"I had some trouble with making him stay in detention."
d"I tried to explain he'll be free to go to practice, but that was not good enough apparently."
d"So I had to literally sit on him."
d"He struggled a lot."
y simple"Sit-"
y simpleblush"On Tate-"
y"Struggled-"
My mind went crazy for a moment.
Images of that scene flashed in my brain.
I need to get rid of it before my blood starts rushing.
Damn lust, that demon can passively embarrass me.
What a stupid side effect.
un blush"Oh damn."
un"I don't think any amount of lust I can give you would create these images."
un"Wha-"
un surprised"What's the wolf doing with his tie?"
un worried"H-how is he bending like that?"
un scared"IS THAT A GIANT SQUID?"
un scared"HOW DID ALL OF THAT FIT INSI-"
NANANANA CAN'T HEAR YOoOou.
Back to the real world.
y worried"Will you be fine?"
t"I'll live."
t"But the wolf needs to lose some pounds."
d"This is all muscle, Tate."
d"So, when are we starting?"
a"You're a leader, we can start whenever you say."
d"Oh right, let's go then, watching first years fight the dummies is always fun."
d"Hey, [name], what can you do?"
d"Any magical abilities to impress us with?"
y awkward"That depends, what is the practice about?"
a"First years like you and Tate will have to take out a practice dummy."
a"Just hit it as hard as you can."
a"That's mostly it."
y"Sounds easy enough."
a"The dummy is equiped with weak fire weapons so ranged users have a harder time standing in one place."
a"And rotating wooden saws and swords for melee users."
y pf"Less easy."
a"And tomorrow everyone teams up and we do 2v2 fights."
t"That's the best part."
Tate seems to be doing better already, his energy back up.
d"I'll go make the opening announcement, you two get ready."
t"Oh, oh!"
t"Present me first, I'll go first!"
d"Will do."
t"And call me Nox when you do."
t"Trying out a new name."
d"Sorry, can't hear you from this far away."
a"Isn't that a girl's name?"
t"Nu-uh."
t"It sure isn't."
t"So, now that you know about the practice, tell us!"
t"What can you do?"
a"I am quite curious too."
un bored"Aaand me as well."
un tease"I mean, I already know, that's why I chose you as my host, but I wanna know from the source."
I thought I was chosen out of convenience.
un"That too."
un"Guess we were both lucky to have found each other."
un"What a lovely romance story, don't you think?"
un ang"Now spill it."
y simple"Let's see."
y"I can boost my speed and strength as well as other people's."
t"Support abilities, pretty cool."
y"And I can control energy, in some extent."
Both of them look stunned.
Some furs around us heard me and turned to look at me.
un tease"Ohh yeeeh, that's my mortal."
un"You hear that?"
un ang"MY HOST IS SUPERIOR TO YOU ALL."
un tease"MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA."
a"That-"
a"Is very impressive, [name]."
a"It is rare-"
a"Actually, I never heard of someone who can do that."
a"At least not in my lifetime."
t"My God."
t"and I was stuck with lousy teleportation, flying, elemental magic and mind reading?"
un worried"oh oh."
t"So unfair."
y awkward"Uhm, mind reading?"
a"Don't listen to him, he's lying about the last two, but it's true he's good at teleporting and I suppose flying."
un"Phew, that got me good."
un"Hopefully there are no mortals here that wield mind reading."
un"It's not supposed to manifest in mortals, but who knows what changed while I was stuck in my prison."
y"You have a lot of talents Tate."
a"His ONLY talents."
t"Not true, I am very flexible as well."
He gives me a wink and Aiden groans.
t"As for flying I can only do it on a broom, but that's the only way I would fly even if I didn't have to, makes me feel like a witch."
t"I can make people float as well."
y happy1"Consider me impressed."
Tate looks proud of himself.
Dallan starts the announcement, we listen to him explain the rules, the same ones as Aiden did, but with more details.
d"Starting off the practice session will be our first year, Tate."
t"Damn it Dallan, he forgot my name."
t"No matter!"
t"I am so ready."
y"Good luck!"
Tate jumps into the pit, everyone quiets down, as the dummy that was just carried in slowly rotates to face him.
The design looks like a snake, with most of it's body wreathed around itself, which gave it a strong base, and plate armour all around for protection.
From it's body, cannons, wooden blades and saws move.
Tate concentrates for a second and then
The goofy cat becomes badass and conjures a huge lightning ball in his hand.
Or at least I think that's what it is.
Sparks flying everywhere, the blues and whites and purples dancing around him.
A magical circle around his hand, just breathtaking.
The dummy has it's barrel fixated on him, and shoots out what looks like dodge ball, but at inhumane speeds.
At that moment, he fires the ball into the dummy, disintegrating the ball on it's way.
His magic touches the dummy and...
It just disappears without a sound or trace.
No explosion, no fire or lightning or smoke, nothing.
That was a very quick fight.
Nobody really understands what happened to his opponent.
Or if they should cheer or not.
We have one more moment of silence.
All this time, Tate has his head glancing upwards, shielding his eyes from the sun.
People take notice and do the same one by one.
And there it is.
...
The dummy crashes in the middle of the arena, creating a dust cloud that envelopes the whole place.
The explosion loud enough to be confused with a small bomb.
We wait for the dust to settle, and see the mangled, non-functioning dummy in the sand.
before the people in their seats start cheering, and I was the loudest of them all.
Aiden was giving a slow clap as well.
d"What an incredible first impression and start of the practice session!"
d"A great example of offensive support magic."
d"Now let's see what the other first years have to top that."
t"So what did you think?"
y happy1"You were incredible!"
y"Can't believe you took it out in one hit!"
y smug"And what a hit it was."
y"I did not expect it to fall from the sky like that."
t"Heh, thanks."
t"I did say I will try to take people by surprise when we first met, didn't I?"
t"The element of surprise!"
t"But I bet you'll send it to the moon."
t"Ooo, or crush it so much you create a black hole."
y awkward"I- don't have that much control over my abilities yet."
a"Obviously, that kind of power takes time."
a"But still, try to not make too much of a mess there."
a"As long as you can abstain from completely melting the metal armour it should be fine."
Oh no, they're overestimating me.
I predict this will go horribly wrong.
Dallan keeps calling first year names, none of them were as flashy as Tate, and some of them struggled quite a lot with the snake dummy.
Which gave me some confidence, but not a lot.
ha"Glad to see someone has regained their senses and decided to show up."
a"So I did, thank you for your concern."
a"Did you come here to check if I am doing my job, because I am, wonderfully in fact."
ha"Oh really?"
ha"Say, how many first years from the Slayer's Shard failed to destroy the dummy?"
a"..."
a"Four."
ha"None so far."
a"Damn it."
ha"Not surprised, but doesn't matter, I put Monty on the job as well."
a"That little..."
ha"But the other reason I am here."
ha"Is that I wanted to see how one of our newest members is doing."
y"I am nervous, but other than that, I think I might be fine."
ha"I heard you have some impressive abilities."
y bored"Word travels fast I suppose."
ha"So I expect great things."
ha"Let's try to keep the number of fails to zero."
ha"Anyway, I'll be going now, see ya later, and don't forget, [name], about you know what."
a"Don't forget about what?"
ha"Mind your business, tiger."
a"The hell is their deal?"
t"A-are they gone?"
y smug"Yes, Tate, you can come back now."
t"Thank Hades."
Finally, Dallan calls my name.
I get some good lucks from Tate and Aiden and jump down into the pit, just like Tate but less graciously.
My heart is racing, I have no idea if my plan will work or not.
The arena is once again getting quiet, but not for long.
I come face to face with a new dummy.
This one switches to the cannon as soon as it senses me.
I extend my arm.
Maybe I can do something similar to Tate?
Except without the teleportation part.
I focus all of my energy in my palm, facing the dummy.
A ball of wild energy, the size of a tennis ball forms.
y determined"Yes!"
y"First part done."
y"Now-"
I make sure it is aimed directly at the dummy, it would be a shame if I missed.
Then, I shoot my spell and hope for the best.
The snake shoots its dodgeball cannon as well.
Both balls go past each other, nearly touching.
Being this far away, I dodge it with ease.
So all I have to do now, is wait for the impact.
The energy ball starts to lose its momentum, slowly falling down.
Until it touches the ground and disappears, right in front of the dummy.
y pf"..."
crowd"..."
un"..."
un"....."
un ang"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!"
y cry2"I DON'T KNOW"
un"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T KNOW? THAT WAS PATHETIC!"
y"STOP YELLING AND HELP ME, EVERYONE IS WATCHING!"
un bored"Ughhh."
un"Alright, but you have almost no more magical energy left, because of one stupid, weak spell."
y worried"So can you help me or not?"
un simple"Look, if you can get close to it, VERY close, almost touch it in fact, I can try something."
un"Just extend your arm against the dummy, and brace for impact, it will hurt."
y"Alright, anything works at this point."
I can NOT disappoint Aiden.
Or the other.s
I still have a bit of magical energy left, so I use it to cast a speed boost on myself.
I start running towards the dummy at high speed and I can hear the crowd starting to buzz excited again.
The dummy takes out a second cannon and shoots them both at me.
Unfortunately, high speed does not come with high reflexes.
So I managed to dodge one of the balls.
But the other hits me right in the stomach.
The ball bounced away, but it hurts like hell, good thing I didn't have lunch yet.
un ang"Come ooon, you can do it."
I shake off the pain and run again, with more determination.
As I get close, the dummy switches from ranged to melee weapons.
Starting to spin and move from side to side
I run a circle around it trying to find an opened window, aaand-
There!
I extend my arm almost touching it.
un simple"Good job, I'll take it from here."
Suddenly, a shockwave comes bursting through my arm and into the dummy, the force made its base raise from the ground but not enough to topple it over.
The metal armour it had shattered and the force made a dent in the wood, but I bet that isn't enough to confirm a kill.
So I raise my other hand.
y angry"AGAIN!"
un"If you say so."
The second shockwave finished the job beautifully, toppling it over making the dummy nonfunctional.
crowd"..."
My arms are numb and hurt a lot.
but at least they're not broken.
un bored"Can not believe you needed me to defeat a dummy."
y bored"In my defense, I never said I was powerful."
un"..."
I go back to Aiden and Tate.
With the sounds of the crowd cheering, even if I didn't deserve it.
t"I can not believe you didn't even use your spells for this."
t"Well, except for that distraction ball."
a"Of course, why use such powerful spells on a simple dummy."
un tease"Ha, they really think you made that thing fall with raw strength."
un"Mortals, their stupidity knows no bounds."
y awkward"I appreciate the praise, but I really didn't-"
Dallan interrupts me by yelling from afar while running towards us.
d"You did so good, [name]."
d"Your strength rivals mine, I'm pretty sure."
t"Hey, what about me?"
t"I did pretty good, right, Dallan?"
d"Hmm?"
d"Oh, yeah, yeah pretty good."
a"[name] has energy manipulation powers."
y"kind of-"
d"Really? and you went for close combat?"
y"I don't-"
d"You know what? you're right, that dummy was so easy it deserved a handicap."
y angry"EVERYONE LISTEN UP!"
y sad"I'm sorry, but the truth is, I really can't control my spells."
y"The little ball you saw, that's all I can do, unless luck is really on my side that day."
y"I know everyone expected me to be some kind of super special guy, because I was 'selected'."
y"Or whatever it's called."
y"But I'm really not."
y"It was not my intention to lead you on like this."
y"It didn't occur to me people would think so highly of me just because of that."
y"So I understand if you want to just walk away."
They keep quiet for a minute, looking at each other.
I was waiting for looks of disaproval, or laughter.
but those never came.
a"I think I'm talking for all of us when I say, we don't care how powerful you are."
a"And we shouldn't have jumped to wrong conclusions without knowing you better."
d"Aiden is right, your powers have nothing to do with why we like you."
d"Besides, we can help you grow, this is an academy, after all."
d"You're here to improve, not show off."
d"The main fact remains, you still did decent in practice today."
a"He's right, if that was your worst, then I'm scared to see you at your best."
t"I for one didn't even know the selected people were 'supposed' to be powerful."
t"I thought you all won a contest or something."
t"So let's go to lunch and celebrate our victories!"
y blush"I..."
y"I don't know what to say... just."
y"I'm glad you think that way."
y"Some lunch sounds good."
y simple"But Dallan, what about the practice?"
d"Don't worry about it."
d"I left Chelsie in charge of the rest of announcements, my vice, so I'm free as well."
We can all hear Chelsie's excited voice echoing.
ch"Let's give it up to our newest victi- I-I mean!"
ch"Our newest first year!"
ch"Will he survive the latest flamethrower addition to the dummy?"
ch"Find out after this short commercial!"
ch"*cough cough*"
ch"HEY KIDS!"
ch"DID YOU EVER GET INAPPROPRIATELY TOUCHED BY A NIGHTFALLEN?"
ch"OH BOY DO I HAVE JUST THE THING FOR YOU!"
ch"For only 93.99 you can-"
Her voice trails off as we get farther away towards the exit.
y simple"Huh, even without internet you can't escape ads."
d"Don't mind her, she promotes her inventions as much as she can."
d"You'll get used to it."
d"And will probably end up buying something at some point."
We walk out of the arena and into the streets.
t"I am sooo hungry."
t"Where do we go?"
a"Not so fast, kitty cat, you're going straight back to detention."
t"Wha-"
t"Are you serious?"
a"very much so."
a"leader, please take him away."
d"*sigh*"
He picks Tate up on his shoulder again.
d"Trust me, Tate, this hurts me more than you."
d"mostly because you think it's an appropriate response to scratch me while I carry you."
y"Bye guys, I'll see you tomorrow."
a"Finally, peace and quiet."
a"Shall we go to lunch now?"
y happy1"I'm so hungry, I could eat a tiger."
a"Ha, careful, it might eat you instead."
y smug"Can't say I'd complain."
a"We could go back to my dorm and arrange that right now."
y blush2"W-wait I was just-"
y"Y-you mean we're going to-"
a"uhm, can you excuse me for a second, I need to be somewhere."
a"I'll meet you in the main cafeteria in, let's say, 20 minutes?"
y"What about-"
a"I really can't... right now."
y simple"Alright?"
y simple"See you there then."
What just happened?
un ang"Never mind what happened, you should focus on training, you're weak as fuck!"
un"I need you to NOT get expelled in the first week please."
They said I did good, I can manage a little test.
un"you?"
un"YOU?!"
un"I!"
un"I did good."
un"you took a ball in the gut."
un"That's what YOU did."
un bored"Those boys are filling your mind with nonsense."
Ok, I admit, you're right, I'm still weak, do you have any plans to change that?
un"I do, in fact, but you're a goody two shoes, so I doubt you'll like it."
Just say it.
un"Wait until nightfall, then we'll talk."
Fine.
I make my way towards the cafeteria.
After the practice, everyone is hungry, so the place is full.
It will take an eternity for the line to get to me.
y bored"It's either no lunch for me, or lunch bought with my own money."
th"Long line, huh?"
The horse from yesterday approaches me.
y"Sure is."
y pf"uhm-"
y smug"Therium, right?"
th"Sharp memory."
th"Or did I leave such a deep impression?"
th"I know you did on me, [name]."
y awkward"That's me."
th"If you have nothing better to do, would you care to have lunch with me? my treat, of course."
th"And I won't make a prince stay in line."
He gently picks my hand up.
un simple"He's not beating around the bush."
un bored"I'd say to just go for it, but your lack of power worries me too much to care about him."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I go with him?
→ Yes
→ I closed my eyes for just a second in embarassment, and Therium was gone.
→ I'll wait for Aiden
→ I closed my eyes for just a second in embarassment, and Therium was gone.
--- END CHOICES ---

Did he teleport away?
a"Hey."
un"Your boyfriend scared him away."
He's not my boyfriend!
yet...
a"Sorry to leave you alone for the second time today."
a"But I'm here now, and I remember someone said they're very hungry."
y pf"I am, but there is a little problem."
I point at the line.
a"Oh, that? don't worry about it, we can just order something at a booth."
y simple"Actually, I don't have money on me right now, so I'll just wait."
a"Oh, you don't think I'll let you pay, do you?"
a"My treat, payment for your time."
a"And for not questioning me too much."
My stomach growls.
y blush"How can I refuse such an offer?"
a"So what will it be, pizza, sushi, tacos, pasta?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Sushi.
→ Pizza.
→ Tacos.
→ Pasta.
→ Tiger?
→ Aiden is taken by surprise.
→ Can't blame him, I surprised myself with this boldness.
--- END CHOICES ---

Aiden comes back with the food a minute later.
I've been scouting for empty seats, but no luck.
y bored"Looks like we'll be eating standing up."
a"Not if I can help it."
He grabs my free hand and drags me along.
a"I know a spot, come"
y surprised"Oh, guess I don't have a choice here, I'll follow my leader."
y smug"Or, vice leader."
We walk past other people at a rapid pace.
My hand is touching Aiden's fingers, his big and soft fingers