."
The wolf was not fighting back much, just a couple of punches that I would avoid, and he'd do the same with mine.
a"Need a hand?"
y smug"Yeah, will you grab his pants too?"
y"That would be very helpful."
Dallan grabs his pants protectively.
a"So funny..."
d"Two against one?"
d"I think I'll have to stop holding back."
He proceeds to take his top clothes off.
His muscles and fur seemed to grow slightly, making him taller and more threatening.
He takes out the piece of fabric he has attached to his side at all times.
And covers his eyes.
un simple"So that wasn't just a fashion choice, huh?"
y simple"What is he doing?"
a"When his eyes are completely covered, his senses and insticts go up drastically."
a"One might say he can even predict your moves before you think of them."
y"We just have to get him down to win."
y"Can we do that?"
a"We gotta try."
Aiden creates a smokescreen around us, it was not a popular move among the crowd.
As it obscured most of the action.
We both used our advantage to get some hits in, Aiden's blow was met with a magic barrier.
un simple"That's your chance, when he blocks you, just absorb the magic."
un"He's protected against magic, so antimagic should cut through him like butter."
And so I did, the barrier that met my fist shattered, the broken pieces were absorbed and transformed into energy.
Dallan was left unguarded and surprised, the crowd gasped, Aiden's expression was proud.
My empowered blow connected with his bare shoulder and time stopped for a moment.
un"Well."
un bored"That did absolutely nothing."
un"You're fucked."
There was a burned spot left on Dallan's shoulder, but that was not all the damage I did.
For the three seconds we were connected I drained as much magic from him as possible.
Then he grabbed my neck and slammed me into the sand.
The crowd cheered.
d"Good move, I did not think anyone can shatter my barrier that easily."
y hurt"And good job to you for being so cool while blinded."
He offers me his hand and I take it to get up.
d"Heh, it's more of a buff than a handicap."
d"There are a lot more things you don't know about me."
y"That's fair."
y"I surrender!"
y"As promised, but you still have a tiger to defeat, I'd say good luck, but I kind of want to win."
I move back to the stands and watch the rest of the combat.
Some of the furs I met before the match came to congratulate me.
And even some strangers, curious to how I broke the Defender Shard Leader's barrier so easily.
The panther and bunny were the most aggressive, so to speak, with their congratulations and questions, keeping the others at bay.
I chatted and tried to answer as many questions as I can, while keeping an eye to the fight.
Aiden seemed pissed at Dallan, he took out the big guns as well.
Using all the debuffs he had, making the bigger wolf tired.
And dodging every attack by shapeshifting or straight up becoming a smoke cloud.
Unfortunately, just as Aiden is the perfect counter to Tate's teleportation and movement.
Dallan can defend from his debuffs and protect from physical attacks.
Although his magic was running out thanks to my drain.
so his shields and barriers got weaker, cracking from any normal attack.
The time was running out, each team only has 10 minutes max.
Only so that more students can attempt a battle in one day.
Aiden had to end it now, taking advantage of the wolf's fatigue and lack of protection to tackle him.
Still, Dallan is bigger and more muscular, so he stands his ground.
The two wrestle hand to hand, shoulder to shoulder, head to head, teeth bared.
Neither seems to be winning and there is less than a minute left.

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I do?
→ Cheer for Aiden.
→ I get past the people talking to me, ignoring them.
→ I get at the edge of the stands and shout.
→ My shout was louder than expected.
→ The people that were around me followed my lead and started to shout his name as well.
→ He definitely heard us.
→ Aiden's muscles tensed up.
→ he let out a roar and with a final push-
→ the time's up...
→ They both fall on the ground exhausted, panting.
→ Cheer for Dallan.
→ I get past the people talking to me, ignoring them.
→ I get at the edge of the stands and try to shout.
→ But I'm getting cut off by Chelsie, the Defender's Shard vice leader.
→ Dallan's muscles tensed up, he let out a roar and with a final push-
→ The time's up.
→ They both fall on the ground exhausted, panting.
→ Stay quiet and observe.
→ I'll just watch from right here.
→ They seem evenly matched now, so I don't want to antagonize either of them.
→ Besides, I have people I have to please around me.
→ I just hope this social boost doesn't get to my head.
→ The two go head to head, shoulder to shoulder, arms to arms.
→ The power seemed to be matched, when suddenly.
→ The times up...
--- END CHOICES ---

The two came back tired and beaten up.
Dallan no longer wearing the blindfold and his clothes back on.
I run and hug both of them.
y happy1"You were so cool!"
y"I can't believe it was a tie."
a"Yeah, me neither."
a"I'm sorry, [name], I let you down..."
y shoked"What?!"
y"You didn't disappoint me."
y"Not even close, you did wonderfully."
y"Besides, I don't think I could even take out Tate on my own, and you did in seconds."
a"I suppose I did do a number on that cat."
d"I have to admit, you both surprised me."
d"Not to be egotistical, but nobody managed to break my barrier or get me into such a state in a long time."
d"And all those debuffs, ouch."
d"Really did a number on me."
a"Not the right number apparently."
t"Hey babe, missed me much?"
a"The fuck?"
a"Are you addressing me?"
t"You know, you could at least kiss me first."
t"Before publicly trying to fuck me."
a"Oh shut up, you pantless perv."
a"Underwear is the only thing you forgot this morning, huh?"
a"Out of all things?"
Furs were definitely staring.
t"I could only take the necessities."
t"So when is our date, big guy?"
a"You'll never find love."
t"Ouch, fine."
t"So, [name], if this one won't take me out, will you?"
t"I have a GREAT new adventure in mind!"
a"We have plans."
y simple"We do?"
a"Yes."
a"I just didn't tell you yet."
t"Bummer."
t"Dallan, you're up, let's go on an adventure."
d"Sorry, Tate, I have a lot of work to do."
d"Besides, shouldn't you prepare for the test, it's tomorrow, you know?"
t"How can I prepare for something I know almost nothing about."
a"They key word is 'almost' genius."
t"I'm not sticking around to be insulted by my ex."
t"cya."
He teleports away.
a"We were never together, freak."
y"He's too far away, Aiden."
a"yeah..."
ch"Hey there boys, you did a great job out there."
y happy1"Thanks, we really tried our-"
ch"yeah, yeah of course."
ch"Do you mind if I borrow Dallan for a sec."
d"What happened, something wrong?"
ch"It's a secret."
d"Ooh, I like surprises."
d"If you'd excuse me gentlemen."
y"Go for it."
a"They're gonna sack you for losing."
ch"HEY!"
ch"IT WAS A TIE!"
ch"DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!"
ch"DO YOU UN-DER-STAND?!"
a"Yes, jeez."
a"I'm sorry."
ch"Good, let's go, Dallan."
d"Right behind you."
d"See you later guys."
y"Have fun!"
a"Sacking it is then."
y"Doubt it."
a"Anyway."
a"As for us."
a"It seems we're alone."
y simple"Yeah."
y smug"You know, I kind of liked Tate's adventure idea."
a"oh, do you-"
a"Want to catch up with him?"
y"No you doofus, I mean we should go on our own adventure."
a"Hmm."
a"It does have a nice ring to it, I admit."
a"So let's do it."
a"But call me doofus again and we'll have problems."
y awkward"Yes sir."
Haima appears and looks-
Well, like always.
Expressionless but intimidating.
So much peril in such a small body.
ha"We need to talk."
a"I thought I submitted my work already."
a"And the Vice Leaders are free for the rest of the day to prepare for the test."
ha"I'm not talking to you."
ha"Why would you even assume you are relevant in my eyes?"
ha"You couldn't even defeat Dallan."
ha"At this point a first year is more valuable."
y simple"You want to talk to me?"
a"About what?"
ha"We're planning a date, Aiden, what else?"
ha"We're in love."
a"What?"
y blush"What?"
ha"Nobody heard of jokes around here apparently."
Jokes are easier to understand when the person telling it doesn't radiate sarcastic energy.
a"Then what do you need him for?"
ha"Sign some documents."
ha"And why do you ask?"
ha"Do I need your permission to talk to my Shard member?"
ha"Is he your property now?"
a"Just take him."
ha"I will."
ha"Come on, [name]."
We make our way all the way to the Slayer's Shard headquarters, so to speak.
y simple"So, what do I have to sign?"
ha"Nothing, I thought it was obvious why I needed you."
y"The... Aiden thing, right?"
ha"It's not just a 'thing', it's important."
y"Why?"
ha"Why do you think?"
y smug"Because you care so much about him?"
ha"Yes."
y"Very funny."
ha"I'm not joking."
y simple"Oh, guess I really don't get jokes."
ha"So I see."
y"I apologize if I didn't get your affection for him before, but you two don't seem to get along that well."
ha"I care not for him as a person."
ha"He can burn for all I care."
y"oh.."
ha"I care for his duties towards me and this school."
ha"He doesn't use his potential at all."
ha"And last year."
ha"He began to change."
ha"Which has me worried, for the safety of others."
ha"He nearly decapitated a guy once, after he spilled some Kvas on him by mistake."
ha"And I don't want to mention this to many people, but I trust you'll keep it to yourself."
ha"I have half a cabinet in my office, filled with sexual harassment complaints for Aiden."
y shoked"That's horrible."
ha"Not really, the people mostly complained because he ghosted them the next day."
ha"Or one that says, and I quote."
ha"'He told me he'd fuck my brains out but changed his mind an hour later'."
y bored"So those aren't even really complaints."
ha"The fact remains that he's acting weird."
ha"And as his and your superior, I need to know the cause."
ha"So, are you any closer to the answer or not?"
y"I believe I am, although I haven't tried the most obvious strategy yet."
ha"Which is?"
y"Asking him directly?"
ha"I tried that, does not work."
ha"But who knows, maybe it will for you."
ha"Any theories at least?"
y"Well, a time magic speculation was flying around."
ha"Hmm, very unlikely."
ha"Anything else?"
y"Well..."
Haima keeps mentioning how they don't care for Aiden.
'For the safety of others'.
I'm not sure I buy that.
We hear a knock at the door.
ha"Who could it..."
ha"Come in."
h"Good afternoon, Haima, apologies for the intrussion."
h"I didn't realize you had a guest."
h"Let's see..[name], was it?"
y awkward"Y-yes sir, I'm surprised you remembered."
ha"You already know each other?"
h"Just briefly, but I make a habit to remember people I find interesting."
ha"Why be interested in a slice of white bread?"
y angry"Hey!"
y bored"That's fair..."
ha"Your business here is, sir?"
h"Right, you're not the chatty type, straight to the subject then."
h"I'm here to see if I could get the final members report for this year."
ha"It's not ready yet, there are still some students trying to decide."
h"Leaving it for the last minute, ey?"
h"Now that's not a good start for a hunter's career."
h"Would you be so kind as to place the ones signing in today aside when you bring the report?"
ha"Sure, that would be in the evening."
h"Excellent, what about you?"
h"Have you decided on a Shard yet?"
y awkward"Me? Y-yes, I'm part of this Shard, signed in yesterday."
h"I see you made good friends with my son, Aiden?"
y"You could say that."
h"I'm glad he's making friends, even this late."
h"Especially with someone like you."
un"What does that even mean?"
h"Anyway, I must be going, I'll be waiting for that report."
h"Oh and [name], don't be shy, give me a visit whenever you want."
And with those final words he exited the room.
ha"He has his eye on you."
y simple"You think so?"
ha"I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not."
ha"But one thing is in our advantage."
ha"And that is your 'invitation'."
y"What about it?"
ha"The Headmaster is Aiden's father, maybe he knows something more."
y bored"You want me to ask his dad about his mental problems?"
ha"Just try it, but don't be too obvious."
y"Fi-"
ha"Wait."
ha"You don't have to decide right now, it is your choice."
ha"You have until the end of the day."
ha"If you find anything, come tell me, if not, then not."
ha"Simple as that."
y smileworry"You know."
y"You're not as bad as people say you are."
ha"What?"
ha"Who says that?"
ha"Was it Monty?"
ha"I'll kill him."
y awkward"Did I say bad?"
y"No no, I meant, uhm, just a little bit intimidating."
ha"I have NEVER intimidated anyone in my life."
y"Ha ha, yeah, I agree, anyway."
y"I think I'll go now."
y"Talk to you later."
ha"WAS IT MONTY?!"
ha"TELL ME!"
I got out before I did any more damage.
I hope I didn't just kill Monty accidentally.
But hey.
The only actual scary part I saw in them.
Was when they attacked Aiden.
I do not want to be at the end of that claw hand.
I think I should try to talk to the Headmaster before asking Aiden directly.
un"Here is a logical idea, why not use this opportunity to find out more information about this 'test'."
un"The Headmaster does seem to like you for some reason."
un"Instead of using your 'invitation' for your not yet maybe ever boyfriend."
y pf"I have to admit, your argument is not fallacious."
un"You completely forgot about the test, didn't you?"
y bored"It's your fault for making me so horny all the time."
un"Fuck me..."
y simple"Maybe later, we have stuff to do."
un"...Damnation."
un"I'd go read a book to distract myself from your childish comments."
un"But all the books I see here are at the same juvenile level."
y"Hey, a book is a book, it counts."
y"I'll just text Aiden that I'm done."
For once I remembered I have a phone.


a"So, what did Haima want you to sign?"
y awkward"Eerm."
y"They-"
y"Said they'll kill me if I told you?"
a"I understand, don't tell me, it's not worth it."
y"Probably for the best."
a"I just hope Monty dies."
Ouch.
Just what did this guy do?
y simple"Where are we going by the way, you never specified?"
a"The beach."
y blush"T-the beach?"
y"B-but, I don't even have a swimsuit with me."
a"We are not going swimming, [name]."
y simple"Oh."
a"We need a large area to train, and considering the arena is basically full, the beach seems the best next place."
y"Yeah, that does make a lot of sense."
a "Don't worry, both the beach and a part of the shore are still protected by the barrier."
Me and Aiden get going, the sun is bright.
Honestly it would be a perfect beach day, but he's right.
We HAVE to do at least some kind of training.
a"[name]?"
y"Yes?"
a"I have to admit."
a"I'm worried about you."
y simple"Why is that?"
a"Because I don't know you as well as I'd want to..."
a"I honestly don't give a shit about this test, not for my result anyway."
a"But I do want you to succeed, the problem is that I don't know your abilities as well as I'd want to, your cunning, smarts, all that jazz."
a"I focused on the wrong things the past days."
His worries calms me down for some reason.
I take his hand in mine, bold of me, yes.
But he was not surprised, just... happy.
We walked to the beach in silence, hands intertwined.
We get to the beach, this is my second time I see it up close in my life, but still, my first thought is 'wow, that's big'.
y smug"So, what do we do first?"
y"Death match?"
y"Spell casting?"
y"Strength check?"
a"I was thinking maybe we can just discuss what the test will consist of first, then carry on to actual training."
y simple"Considering the guy who came up with the idea for the test is your father, wouldn't you know way more about it than me?"
a"Yeah, sure, like that old man would tell me something like that."
a"He wants me to have a hard time and 'prove myself worthy'."
y"Then let's start with what we know for sure."
a"Well, we know that it will take place in the forest around the academy, the mountain tops and the Lacrima Lake."
a"We know we'll have to fight Nightfallen."
a"What kind, how many, where and how, that's a mystery still."
a"We know that the test is being held in pairs."
y shoked"Wait, really?"
a"Yeah, you didn't know that?"
y simple"Guess I missed that part."
a"We can't choose our partners unfortunately, we're stuck with the first person we see on the field."
a"Which gets us to the next point, being that our starting point is unknown."
a"We can bring one weapon and one trinket with us at most."
a"But no supplies whatsoever."
y"Not even water, or a sleeping bag?"
a"Nope."
a"It will check our surviving skills."
y"What if we meet other students after we have a pair?"
a"We are allowed to fight each other, but it's not recommended."
y"How do we fail the test?"
a"As far as I know, if you're dangerously injured you'll automatically be teleported back to the academy and fail."
a"There might be other rules too, but we'll get them tomorrow."
y"Then it seems to me like we should just start training?"
y"I'm not sure how to say this, but I've never actually met a Nightfallen before, let alone kill one."
a"Then we have some work on our hands."
a"Let's start."
The first thing I do is demonstrate to Aiden my new trick, stealing magical energy, disguised as one of my energy abilities.
After touching his hand for a couple of seconds, I can feel power rushing through my veins.
Once I could barely create a small energy sphere.
Now, it had the intensity of a small star and the size of a bowling ball.
Aiden was inpressed, especially by the tiny amount of fatigue he was feeling after draining him.
He helped me deal with opponents that are far away, which was my weak spot until now.
He showed me the most predictable moves mages usually make and how to approach them.
He tried to teach me some debuffing spells like the teleportation canceling, but unfortunately, I don't have any affinity for those.
After a couple of hours of training and discussing tactics, something started to feel amiss.
The wind stopped completely and the birds were quiet.
y simple"I have a bad feeling about... something."
a"Yeah, me too, I think I know what it is."
a"But how in the hell did it get past the barrier?"
a "I guess we can leave that for later."
We look towards the ocean, where bubbles started to form on the surface.
and something that I can only describe as an anthropomorphic shark with a fucked up head and a fish tail comes to the shore.
I took a step back from the creature, but Aiden didn't seem too phased.
a"Don't be afraid, [name], these guys are not too dangerous."
The creature started charging.
Aiden takes out a knife from his dimensional pocket and turns invisible, making the creature stop in place confused.
He speaks from behind the creature making it turn around.
a"Come on, this is your chance to kill your first Nightfallen!"
I get it, he's distracting it for me.
y shoked"Wait, aren't we supposed to raise its lust levels first?"
a"Usually yes, but do you see a dick on this guy?"
y"Uhm no?"
a"Right, so why would it charge at us like that otherwise?"
y"It wants to hurt us, nothing more."
a"Correct, so there is no point in sparing it."
un "He was right."
un"Imagine bending over just to get clawed to death a second after."
My heart was racing, I summoned the rest of my remaining energy conjuring a spell similar to the one I made at practice.
Except this one was 20 times larger thanks to the extra energy I got from Aiden.
Plus, Scribbles actually helped for once by blasting the ball towards the Nightfallen with much more force than I could alone.
I did not dare get close to that thing.
I direct it towards it, close my eyes and let Scribbles do his thing.
When I open them.
only a small blue gem remained in its place.
Which Aiden picks up and throws to me.
a"Nice job!"
a"No longer a killess virgin."
y shoked"Woah, I did it!"
y"One step closer to passing the test."
y smileworry"Thanks for letting me do this."
a"You are better at murder than you think."
y smug"The words all guys dream of hearing."
y simple"Sooo..."
y "What about the whole 'Nightfallen inside the barrier' thing?"
a "Don't worry about it, I'll bring it up to the Headmaster."
a "If that incompetent fool can't solve this problem, then we'll get involved."
y s"Gotcha."
y simple"Hmm, it's smaller than I expected."
un"That's what she said."
a"Yeah, that's all you'll get if its lust levels are low."
a"I'm surprised it attacked even"
a"Usually these guys stay in deep waters mating with dolphins or sharks."
a"But if you do what you did just now when another Nightfallen appears."
a"I believe you'll be fine on your own."
I place the gem in my pocket.
It's no use to even give it to anyone, it's too small.
So I'll keep it as a souvenir.
My very first lust shard.
The sun started to set, time flies when you're spending it with someone you like.
Or love...
a"No response?"
a"So you agree that I have nothing to worry about when it comes to the test?"
y shoked"No no no, we should totally panic, especially me, I just don't have any words to reply with."
y blush"I'm speechless."
y"Today was awesome."
y"I finally got a real taste of the academy, and I haven't even really started the school year."
y"And I'm grateful for your concerns."
y"You're so much more experienced and talented and strong, so I look up to you."
a"Pff."
a"Look up to me?"
a"Have you heard a single good thing about me from anyone's mouth so far?"
y happy1"Haima might have mentioned something."
a"Ha, they sure did."
y blush"But why should I care about what others say?"
y"I know you from experience."
a"And, what did your experience say?"
y smug"That you're amazing?"
y"Duh."
y"And a great fighter."
y smileworry"And you have a big heart behind those fiery-icy eyes."
a"But..."
a"I literally knocked you out on our first day."
y smug"Rookie mistake."
a"And ditched you on a still unfamiliar campus."
y"Big deal"
a"I sexually harassed you in the middle of the night."
y awkward"Wouldn't call that 'harassment'."
a"Not to mention I lost our pair practice against an exhausted opponent."
His self deprivation is starting to annoy me.
I grab his tie and move his head closer to me aggressively.
y angry"Let me get this through your thick skull."
y"I do NOT care about anything you think you did wrong."
y"To me, you are perfect."
y"And nothing you say will-"
y shoked"!"
In that moment, the sun was hiding beyond the horizon.
In that moment the waves of the ocean were shying away.
In that moment...
I was being kissed.
By the tiger that is so hard to figure out.
I could smell his sweet wine breath, with a hint of rose.
His cologne I somehow never noticed embodied with the sweat after the hard battle.
In my attempt to shut him up.
He quieted ME down.
His tongue desperately trying to find mine.
Not something I thought I'd ever say, but it's the truth.
Before I can even start to think of what is happening inside me, I try to close my eyes.
To make sure this is all real and I'm not dreaming.
But how can I even think of blinking when his face is connected with mine?
I had to focus on what's in front of me.
Enjoy the moment.
so instantaneous and urgent was that tongue.
Plunged like some writhing sea monster into my gaping maw.
Ironic, considering our fish fight a minute ago.
After I get used to the feeling of having my mouth invaded unexpectedly, I join the action as well.
I finally close my lips around his, trembling with a wild thrill.
Our tongues are pushing and sliding into each other.
Wet and enthrallingly sweet, with a hint of intoxicating liquor.
We stayed like that for but a minute, that lasted an eternity.
When I thought it's about to end, he grabbed the back of my head caressing my fur and ears.
Pulling me closer and deeper.
I'm happy he did.
I almost thought of doing it myself.
Just so I can taste him a second longer.
But soon, the arousing moment ended.
He pulled away slowly.
A string of glistening, reflective gold connected out tongues, before it broke away.
Feeling his hot breath on my face, only at that moment did I dare open my eyes.
Aiden looked confident, but fretful, like waiting for my response, or review of his deed.
y blush"Wow."
y"You don't even know how much I wanted that to happen."
a"His eyes light up more."
a"May I say something crazy?"
y"Be my guest."
a"I am not letting you get away from me."
a"Not ever."
y"That sounds threatening."
y"But romantic."
a"Ha."
a"And isn't that what you like about me?"
y"I do like some danger in my romance, you're right."
a"To keep you on your toes?"
y"To keep me floating."
a"Float?"
a"Why stop there?"
y"You want to fly?"
a"Far above the clouds with you."
y"Heh."
y"Let's go before we turn into poets."
a"Oof, yeah, nobody would like that."
y"And nothing you say will change that!"
a"I'm..."
a"I'm glad you're saying that."
a"I really do."
a"It might take some time to believe the words, when they're so powerful."
a"But it's a start."
a"Besides, I had fun spending time with you."
a"Believe it or not, you're the most normal perosn around here."
y smug"Are you making me boring?"
a"Haha, being boring among a school of crazy is not an insult in the slightlest."
y"This is my favorite part of the day, the colors of the sunset are just..."
a"marvelous?"
y smug"Yeah."
Oh shit, I should really get going, that's if I want to meet with the Headmaster today.
What do I tell Aiden, maybe just a half truth.
y smileworry"Hey, so I have an idea."
y"And it might sound stupid, but I want to try it."
a"What is it?"
y"I'll go meet with the Headmaster right now, and maybe get some information about the test from him."
a"pff, good luck with that"
a"Without an 'invitation' from his Highness or strict business you won't get past his secretary."
y smug"Good thing I have one then."
I show him the card I was given on my first day by the Headmaster.
His eyes widen.
a"Why?"
a"Why would he do that?"
y"I bumped into him a couple of minutes before catching up with you on my first day."
y"He was impressed that I was one of the only first years to attend the meeting."
a"Huh..."
a"I don't think it's a good idea, [name]."
a"But I won't stop you."
y"Thanks, but I made up my mind, and I'll go."
y"I need this."
y"And I don't see what could go wrong, even if you might."
a"You do you, but hey, when you're done, come by my dorm, will you?"
He smiles weakly and winks at me before marching away.
I progressed through the academy's hallways.
I know the Headmaster's office is higher up, but not where exactly.
I decided to text Haima for directions, since they've been here before allegedly.
The same with Aiden, but I'd rather not involve him and his daddy issues with my troubles.
And good thing I did text, because I was on the wrong part of the building all together.
But finally I get in front of the secretary's desk.
y"Hello."
sec"Meeting card?"
y simple"Yeah, hold on."
I take out the card from my pocket, she types something in the computer and-
sec"Mister Kiraman is ready to see you now."
y happy1"Great, thank you."
I knock on the door.
h"Come in."
I walk into a big office, although it is evening, the sun shines bright through the windows and the sky is blue.
A neverending day created with illusions.
His day and night cycle must be broken at this point.
Classical music was playing in the background.
The room smelled of flowers, rum and a hint of cigar smoke.
h"Ah, hello Mr. [name2], I'm glad you decided to pay me a visit."
h"Please, take a seat."
h"To what do I own this pleasure?"
menu hmquestions:
I'm here to...
h"Oh?"
h"And what exactly do you want to know."
y smileworry"Anything you'd care to share, anything useful in passing the test perhaps?"
h"I'm afraid that kind of information is not possible, or at least there isn't any price for it."
h"You'll have to excuse me, but it just wouldn't be fair for the other students, you understand."
y sad"Completely."
y pf"And when you say 'any price'."
y"Do you really mean there is nothing I can do to get it?"
h"Tempting words you got there, as much as I'd want to take you on that offer, it's still a no."
h"All the information you need will be presented to you all at the same time."
y simple"In that case, may I at least ask why exactly did you introduce this test in the first place?"
h"Now that's something I can help with."
h"You see, Nightfallen get stronger by feeding on the weak."
h"So the short answer is that we need only strong hunters to rule this world."
y confused"rule?"
h"Excuse me, I meant defend it."
h"How else are we going to continue living our cushioned comfortable lives if hunters don't do their jobs right?"
h"Hmmm..."
h"You know what?"
h"If you answer this one question for me, I might just have a little hint about the test."
y shoked"Really?"
y"What's the question?"
h"On the first day, right before the announcements, I noticed you were a little late, is that right?"
y awkward"Y-yeah, I uhm, didn't know there was a main road so I had some troubles through the forest path."
y"Stupid, I know."
h"Oh, I see, that explains it."
h"Did you happen to see anyone else wandering the hallways?"
h"Maybe even some voices."
Scribbles, do you think he's onto us?
...
Scribbles, you there?
Damn it.
y"Not that I can think of, no."
h"Ah, what a shame."
y smug"So about that hint?"
h"Oh no, I'm sorry, I was proposing a hint in exchange of useful information."
h"This wouldn't be fair if I get nothing out of it, right?"
y pf"I suppose so..."
I just got scammed.
h"Is there anything else I can help with?"
That didn't answer much but I'm not surprised.
I can already see he'll dodge my questions as much as he can.
Just what are you hiding?
h"Ah yes, my little miracle rebel, he isn't very cooperative, is he?"
h"You try to raise the next big hunter and all you get is attitude from that boy."
h"I saw you two fight in that arena."
h"It brought back some memories."
h"But my goodness, we did not have such unconventional methods of making our enemies forfeit, ha."
h"I'd be happy to answer any questions regarding him."
y simple"Well, being his father, have you noticed anything..."
y"Strange about him?"
h"He was always a strange one."
y"No, I mean, something more that just 'strange'."
h"Perhaps."
y bored"Can you be more specific?"
h"Mood swings?"
h"Appears and disappears randomly?"
h"Has way too much free time?"
y shoked"Yes!"
h"Ha, that's what ALL teenagers do."
h"There's nothing strange about that."
y pf"He's 20."
h"Ah, indeed, the best years."
y bored"moving on I suppose."
y"What is your relationship with him?"
h"Before I answer that, I need to know."
h"What type of relationship do YOU have with my son?"
y blush2"Oh, ermmm."
y blush"I really like him?"
h"Well yes, it was either that or you're already worst enemies if you came to me to ask about him."
h"but in what way, and how much do you like him?"
y"I... might have caught some feelings in the past few days."
His gaze is now more fixating upon me with hunger in his eyes