I wonder why Aiden was in such a rush, I should go after him.
I decide to start running, because who knows how much more athletic that tiger is than me, he could be on the other side of the campus by now.
un scared"Watch out!"
I hit a wall.
except that it was not a wall at all, it was the Headmaster of the academy, Argus...
Something.
I'm not good with names.
h"Are you alright?"
y awkward"Y-yes, I'm fine, really sorry about that."
h"What's the rush?"
h"Our Shard leaders didn't scare you, did they?"
h"It wouldn't be the first time they drive away a first year, as far as I was told."
y"No no no, that's not it."
y worried"I was just going after a friend, he stormed off."
y"Did you happen to see him?"
h"The tiger?"
h"I believe he went that way and to the left."
He points at the end of the hallway.
y happy1"Thanks."
h"Just one moment before you go."
h"Say, did you just take part in one of the Shard's meeting?"
y"Yeah, it just ended."
y simple"why? Was I not supposed to?"
h"Oh no, on the contrary, I'm glad you took such initiative on the first day."
h"Most new faces would not dare disturb the higher ups."
h"Not to sound like an old geezer, but this generation is very uninspired compared to the past ones."
h"Of course, not everyone, extraordinary individuals like you appear from time to time."
y awkward"Oh, I wouldn't call myself that just for attending a meeting."
h"You might not, but I am."
h"Here, take this."
The Headmaster takes out a card from his pocket and hands it to me.
h"This will grant you access to my office, just show it to the secretary when coming and she'll let you right in."
y simple"And in what situation is it appropriate to use it?"
y"If I may ask."
h"There is one golden rule that I like to stick by Mr. ..."
y"[name]"
h"Mr. [name], what happens or is said in that office, remains there."
h"So you can rely on me with any difficut situations you might find yourself in."
h"Or if you just want to make some conversation."
h"I might not look like it, but I like being in the presence of people."
h"Especially, people like yourself."
h"Just consider me a new friend."
y blush"In that case, I'll use this privilage as wisely as I can."
h"Attaboy."
h"Now go, I believe you are going to lose your tiger if you don't hurry."
y worried"Oh right, shoot, almost forgot, goodbye sir."
I take off running again, in the direction he pointed.
un"It's weird you need a special invitation to talk with him."
y simple"He must be a busy man."
un"The last Headmaster had his office door always opened."
un"Just saying."
y pf"Great, now I lost track of him."
y pf"Thanks, Scribbles."
un tease"You're welcome."
I'll just try the most obvious place he might be.
the main staircase.
From there, wherever he was going, I can now follow.
un simple"There, I see him!"
Yeah, we have the same eyes Scribbles, I see him too.
I see he's now walking very slowly, like he's tired, maybe he just wants fresh air.
I figure some air wouldn't hurt, so I pick up my speed and catch up to him.
Would it be a good idea to jump him like this?
Or scare him?
Probably not, so I'll try to be quiet.
I tip toe closer, until I'm only a couple of feet away.
I reach my paw up and tap him on the shoulder.
I was surprised by my own stealthiness.
y happy1"Hey, you're pretty fast fo-"
*WACK*
un"You fall to the floor."
a"!"
a"[name]!"
a"I-I'm so sorry, [name], I didn't... are you ok?"
un3"what are you saying, of course he's not, go get some help."
a"Right!"
a"You just."
a"stay right there [name]."
un"Ouch."
un tease"That even hurt me, so you are noooooot ok, but hey, at least you get a pretty kitty to stand on top of you, heh."
un"Even if it's just for a second."
un"It's the second time a man makes you fall in the past ten minutes."
un"But this time it was more dramatic."
un"Heh."
un"good night, [name]."
un"I won't pretend this wasn't funny."
un"But I might sympathize with your pain."
un"That is, when you wake up."
un"It was quite the painful rejection, after all."
I wake up in a new room, head dizzy.
the sky is going golden.
how long have I been asleep for?
un"Ah, you're awake."
un"I've been thinking while you were asleep."
un"And honestly, I'm kind of..."
un"Sorry for you?"
un"Because, WOW."
un"I did not like that."
un"Can't believe I felt pain for the first time in... ever."
un"Honestly, not a big fan."
un"So you must've hated it even more."
un"I can see why mortals fear war and blood so badly."
ugh, shut uuup, I don't understand a word, my head is killing me.
un"..."
I see a figure sitting on a chair, besides my bed.
He hears that I'm awake and jumps right up.
a"Hey."
a"hey, you're awake! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to punch you."
y nakedsurprised"huh? you punched me?"
I ask confused
a"oh, yeah, I guess you don't really know, so as I said, I kind of punched you, in the face."
a"On accident! obviously..."
a"I was, in a bit of a haze, you see-"
y nakedsimple"It's fine."
a"It is?"
a"I could elaborate further."
a"I don't usually do that, contrary to how I might look."
Aiden looks at me and whispers.
a"A-are you..."
a"into that, ooor?"
y nakedsurprised"what? no!"
a"Ha! of course not! I'm joking!"
is that sweat on him?
What am I supposed to say anyway?
I didn't enjoy it, but what is done is done, and I do believe he doesn't just sucker punch people at random.
a"but I'm serious, I really am sorry, and I'll make it up to you."
a"ahmmm."
a"Here."
He hands me his phone after a moment.
a"can you give me your number, so I can... message you to do that sometimes?"
I don't waste much time, and don't give much thought to it either.
I put my number in his phone and hand it back smiling, he seems to be blushing?
This will be the first contact I have from someone inside the barrier.
y naked"I feel better now, we should just go."
That moment I also realized I just got a guy's number on my phone.
And the possibilities are flowing into my mind, making, uhm, emotions rise, yeah, let's call it emotions.
I throw the blanket that was on me, and get on my feet.
I thought the situation would make my body hot, but it was surpisingly cool.
y naked"is it breezy in here or is it just me?"
Aiden stares wide eyed at me and I look down, noticing that I'm in underwear and nothing more.
It doesn't help that 'emotions' is poking out a little too.
I cover myself with my tail and calmly ask looking down, emarassed.
y nakedblush2"Aiden?"
a"yes?"
y"Why am I naked?"
a"so the nurse can use healing magic more effectively..."
a"On different focal points of your body."
he's still looking.
y nakedblush2"understood..."
y"can you get my clothes for me please?..."
a"Ermm, yeah."
a"right away."
He leaves, still glancing at me.
I get dressed and we leave.
y simple"shouldn't we tell the nurse we're leaving."
a"Dont worry, I left a note."
y bored"Oh, that will make her feel better about a patient disappearing."
Aiden chuckled, and it made me warm inside, because I achieved something that seemed impossible.
We walk outside, and part ways.
but there's a little problem.
un"You still have no idea where your dorm is, do you?"
no...
un"it's pretty late."
Yeah...
The sun was going down, the sky is fiery red, soon the school grounds will be dark.
un"And you have no idea where to get that information from, right?"
That's right...
But you can guide me there, can't you?
Like you did before, when we met?
un"And how would I know which one is yours?"
un"And I feel like a key is usually required for that kind of stuff."
Damn it..
I feel a tap on my shoulder and turn around.
a"are you ok?"
a"I saw you weren't moving."
a"did you forget to ask about your dorm room by any chance?"
y smileworry"Yeah...everyone seems to guess that one on the first try too."
a"everyone?"
y awkward"you and.. my consciousness?"
un tease"Nice save."
Oh shut up.
y smug"do you happen to know? Considering you're such an important person."
I tease
a"Sorry, that information is back in the meeting room."
a"Or in miss Johnson's office, the secretary."
y simple"Oh..."
a"I suppose that's good."
y simple"It is?"
y"Well, I did always want to camp outdoors but never got to..."
a"No no, it's not what I meant."
a"I need to make it up to you."
a"So come on, you'll be staying in my dorm for a night."
a"And I guess I can help you find your room tomorrow."
y"That sounds amazing."
un"Don't get too excited, I can feel your blood rushing down to your 'emotions'."
Don't ruin my moment.
Aiden seems to light up.
a"That's great, so..."
a"shall we go then?"
y determined"I'll lead the way!"
I point to my right and start walking.
a"It's this way."
I turn around and begin to lead the way again, in the correct direction this time.
Aiden matches my pace, and we walk in relative silence, with my occasional hums and Aiden's directions.
The dorms are farther than expected.
On our way we go past the Arena, which sparked my interest, so I most definitely have to check it out.
Then the cafeteria, which was huuuuge, and apparently there is another one exactly the same on the other part of the campus.
Still a great deal if you ask me.
a Shard, other than the one I so cautiously picked over the summer."
un simple"Which one is that?"
A secret for now.
un"But not the Slayer's Shard?"
Could be, can't tell.
un"If you ask me, you should-"
Oh, we arrived, bye Scribbles.
un ang"Punk..."
Aiden makes a sudden turn, stopping in front of a wall with another portrait of a weird creature on it, similar to the other one.
He presents the wall and smirks.
a"There."

--- CHOICES ---
→ What does he want me to do?
→ Run at the wall Harry Potter style!
→ I stop in place, close my eyes, and make sure I believe in the path in the wall, don't want to end up slamming into it now, do I?
→ As soon as I'm ready, I sprint towards the wall.
→ *thud*
→ I slam into it, making the portrait fall in the process.
→ All I managed to do is rip the canvas a little.
→ Try to find a secret button or lever to open the wall.
→ I look around the portrait, in the plant next to it, probe every brick but I can't find any secret buttons.
→ it must be behind it.
→ I take the portrait down but to no avail.
→ My claws ended up scratching the frame, oops.
→ conjure some magic and try to blast the wall away!
→ I conjure all my magical power in the palm of my hand, an energy ball forming.
→ I don't have much control over my magic, but it's something.
→ I fire it towards the wall, the impact was enough to take the painting down, but definitely not enough for a wall breaker.
--- END CHOICES ---

a"Uhm.. I just wanted to show you a similar portrait to the one we saw before."
a"You seemed very interested in that one, so I thought..."
a"Was that.. a bad idea?"
Aiden asks, while picking it up and putting it back into place.
I can not believe I'm that dumb...
y awkward"Ughm, I'm very picky when it comes to art..."
I manage to mutter at last.
a"I'll keep that in mind."
He takes another look at the damaged painting.
a"If anyone asks..."
a"I was never here."
y"Yes sir."
a"Good."
a"We don't have much more to walk, the dorm building is just around the corner."
and yet, it has 6 whole levels."
With a lot of wood colors and gold accents around the yellow-ish walls.
We arrive in front of the door and Aiden holds it open for me.
We get inside and I remember this place has way more magic in it than what I'm used to.
I look up in awe, stairs upon stairs, and hundreds of decorated doors.
a"Come, my room is 46"
figurines and art pieces fill them, and I can't help but touch as much as I can."
Even the occasional pillar was something to look with pride at, at least for someone like me.
The place is well illuminated, even if it doesnt have many visible windows, just candles and lightbulbs.
a"aaand, we're here."
a"Do you want to come inside or sleep with the dusty books?"
I close the book I was checking out creating a small dust cloud around me.
y"I'm coming, I'm coming!"
Aiden goes inside and I follow.
y shoked"Wow."
a"So what do you think?"
y happy1"It looks cozy!"
like an apartment."
y simple"So how many rooms are there?"
a"Five."
a"Including this one and excluding the bathroom."
y shoked"I'm shook."
a"Just one of the benefits of being a vice leader."
a"It sure makes up for the mountains of paperwork and having to make sure the perverts don't stick their dicks out in the middle of the campus."
y simple"Does that happen often?"
a"More often than you think."
Aiden takes a seat on the couch, patting down the place beside him.
a"take a seat."
I take slow steps, one at a time.
Looking around and taking in the decor.
a"Just leave your stuff beside the couch."
a"I'll get them to the guest room in a bit."
This palace has a guest room???
I wonder if my dorm will be anything like this, but I doubt it.
I walk towards the couch and sit down awkwardly, with my hands on my lap.
The TV is now on, playing a new Jeffiner Rolence movie.
I love everything she does.
un tease"omg, same sis."
un scared"..."
un"What in the name of Ragnarok was that?"
Looks like someone is picking some slang from my brain.
un"Please tell me this won't be permanent."
I wish I could, but I'm not very familiar with possession.
un"..."
On the table in front of us are two big glasses and two bottles of what looks to be wine.
Aiden reaches for a glass and pours himsself some from one of the more fancy looking bottles, half full.
He looks at me with a slight smirk.
a"Can I interest you in a drink?"
He hands me one of the empty glasses.
menu wine:
Well...
y"Sure, why not, it couldn't hurt."
He pours me a glass from the same bottle, slightly more than half and hands it to me.
a"There we go."
y"Thanks."
I take a sip.
It's sweeter but also more sour than most wines I've tasted.
around me... just sipping his wine nonchalantly."
Hope I don't get a nosebleed now, that would be bad, but not surprising.
y"No thanks, I'm not really a drinker."
a"Suit yourself."
around me... just sipping his wine nonchalantly."
Hope I don't get a nosebleed now, that would be bad, but not surprising.
un bored"Huh, I didn't take him for the sophisticated wine type."
y"Huh, I didn't take you for the sophisticated wine type, no offense."
un ang"HEY! DON'T USE MY OWN THOUGHTS FOR SMALL TALK WITH THIS DORK."
heh.
a"I'll take that as a compliment, most strong drinks don't taste like anything, but I like the fruity taste of wine, it's a perfect balance."
un tease"Fruity, I knew it."
Everyone knows, dude.
That's why we're here.
un bored"Aren't you here to not be homeless for the night?"
That too...
y simple"How come you have cable?"
a"I don't, once in a while I go outside the barrier and download movies and stuff."
a"That's what most students do, especially over the summer, even if the teachers tell us not to."
y"You stay here over the summer?"
a"Of course, you will too."
a"Well, you can still visit your family whenever you want, of course."
a"But most of your time will be spent here the next few years."
y"It doesn't sound too bad."
In fact, if everyday I get to hang out with you, it's perfect.
But I'm not gonna say that to his face, ha.
but just didn't have the time."
after the first episode, I go use the bathroom and come back to the sound of popcorn popping.
This night can't get any better!
Me and Aiden seem to have similar tastes in shows.
He is just as glued to the TV screen as I am, we barely exchange a word in 120 minutes, the duration of three whole episodes.
After our popcorn and drinks are exhausted, he gets up and goes for a shower.
Having a little extra time, I decided to have a closer look around the room.
from that, I found he likes to read, is good with plants, and plays guitar.
In short, I am going to stick to this guy like a leech.
I look towards the shower, seeing a bit of steam escaping through the door gap.
un bored"Hey."
y simple"What?"
un tease"You should peek."
y shoked"What?"
un"You should peek on him."
y"In the shower???"
un bored"*sigh*"
un"Yes, genius."
y bored"Sure, just risk ruining everything, not only for tonight, but the whole 5-6 years I'll be here."
y"Known as the weirdo who peeks in your bathroom."
y angry"HIDE YOUR SHOWERS EVERYONE, HE'LL TRY TO TAKE A LOOK AT-"
un ang"Holy shit you're annoying."
un"Listen up."
un bored"I'm suggesting it for my own entertaiment only, that is true."
un"But also because I have a good feeling about this."
un"When you went to the bathroom, you saw he has no shower curtain, and I saw his fur shampoo brand too."
y bored"And?"
un"One of the ingredients in that is blue crab shell powder."
y shoked"Which is a nightmare if you get it in your eyes, way worse than regular shampoo."
Realization from this morning hits.
y simple"And it makes the fur so shiny..."
un"So you're familiar, then you know that he's going to have his eyes closed 100 percent for the duration of the shower unless he wants some burned eyes."
y bored"That's... correct, but.."
un tease"No buts, one hundred percent science, baby."
y"I'm surprised you know so much about modern day shampoo, especially when you don't have fur."
un"One of my many talents, useless knowledge."
un"So, are you gonna do it?"
y"hmmm."
un"Come oooon, don't you like him?"
y smug"Look at you being a wingman and all."
un bored"Don't push your luck."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I really...?
→ I want to see some tiger stripes.
→ Better not...
→ Better boring than sorry...
→ After a couple more minutes he gets out of the shower, although his soft smile from before seems to have faded...
→ I wonder why...
--- END CHOICES ---

y smileworry"I don't know if I'm high on new emotions, or I'm just stupid but... I'll do it."
un tease"That's the spirit!"
un"This will be fun."
I open up the door to the bathroom, very, very slowly.
Luckly, no sound came from it.
I get inside.
The steam slowly disappears as I get closer.
His eyes are closed and turned away from me.
It is a shame I can't get my eyes around to see the rest of his body.
But whatever I was seeing was more than enough for now.
The thoughts I had in that moment can't be described.
Seeing the view gets my blood rushing.
He had the perfect body, athletic, muscular but still a thin waist.
His tail was swinging from side to side with different force in each swing.
Inviting in a way.
I am so lucky the circumstances allowed me to be here.
I am very satisfied with what I saw, so, I decide to go back until it's too late.
un"Woah woah woah, where do you think you're going buddy?"
y simple"Out of here, as I said, don't want to be caught."
un"Look at him, covered in shampoo, he will NOT see you."
un tease"And the sound of him rubbing his fur should mask YOUR rubbing."
y"I don't-"
un"And look at that cock, I wonder why he's almost hard, heh."
y blush"Wha-"
y"What c-cock?"
un"Oh right~"
un"You can't detach your vision from your body like I can."
un"Oh, he's big, trust me."
un"Or you could wait a little bit and see for yourself."
Yeah, I should not have had that drink...
Because now I find myself agreeing with what Scribbles says.
y"I feel like I'm making a big mistake, but fuck it..."
I lean on the counter and unzip my pants, pulling out my own junk.
un"there we go!"
y hurt2"Please be quiet."
If I'm really going to do this.
I just need-
To concentrate-
un"Won't say a word anymore, my lips are sealed, you have fun there."
I look at Aiden's back, he reaches and touches his crotch, starting to stroke something with his eyes still closed.
Although I can't see everything.
I can't help but let my imagination run wild as I bite my lips.
An image of me right under Aiden comes to mind, vividly.
Looking at his well hung body, makes it all seem real.
I take advantage of the loud running water to get my moans of pleasure out.
Those blue crabs are doing me a huge favour.
I quicken my pace, trying to keep an eye open for Aiden's ass, that's all I'll get if he does not turn around.
And I did not have that luck.
Finally, after only about a minute, I get to shoot my load, all over Aiden's floor.
I give a sigh of relief.
and wipe the cum off the floor."
un"Awww, I thought you might forget about that..."
y smug"Always clean the crime scene."
I sneak out and close the door as quitely as I opened it.
un tease"I'd say that was a success."
un"Consider my curiosity satisfied."
y smug"I definitely don't regret that, it was awesome."
Aiden gets out of the shower in a couple of minutes, he seems happy, very happy...
Aiden gets out of the shower, with his usual neutral slash annoyed expression on his face.
He wears a towel on his head and around the waist, that would get a reaction out of me, if I didn't just see his naked body without them.
a"Had fun while I was in there?"
y smug"You have no idea."
a"Sorry I took so long, but you should have more than enough hot water left, I'll get some dinner while you're in there."
y"Thanks a lot."
I get in, and as always, I start overthinking and talking with myself, except that now I have a companion that hears my thoughts.
un simple"You betcha."
y nakedbored"How do you even learn those words? I'm not even saying them, I don't think I've EVER said 'Betcha' in my life."
un"I'm watching some 'movies' whenever outside gets boring."
un"I have to say, watching a bunch of people working in an office is far more entertaining than your anxious ass."
y"Oh shut it, I have to take it slow."
un"If I were you, my body count would be with double digits by midnight."
y"As in lovers or victims?"
un"What's the difference?"
y"..."
y"Aaaaanyway."
y nakedsimple"What do you think of Aiden?"
un"Hard to say"
y"I mean, did his personality change that much because he feels so bad for punching me?"
y"I don't want him to like me because he feels obligated to."
y"Or maybe he's a tough man with a soft heart?"
un"Aren't all mortals' hearts soft?"
un"That's the only reason I ever liked them."
un"The flesh itself is mediocre."
y nakedbored"Focus."
un"Yes yes, of course, focus on the stupid love story you're creating inside your head."
un"I'm all ears, what else you got?"
y nakedsimple"I don't want to get too much into it, it's too early."
y"I mean, it IS only my first day here after all."
un"So not getting in his pants any time soon?"
y nakedbored"Nope."
un"I'll get back to my shows for a while."
un"Call me when you get to the next step."
y nakedsmug"You are one horny demon."
un"Centuries, my dear vessel."
un ang"CENTURIES with no bitches."
un"I think I earned my right to stick my nose into someone else's relationships."
y"I'm not complaining."
y"As long as you're supportive."
un bored"For now."
y"That's enough for me."
I get out of the shower.
I look for my luggage or backpack, but can't find either.
a"I put your stuff in the guest room, it's that one."
He points to one of the many doors.
y nakedblush2"Thanks again, it will take one second."
I hurry into the room, before Aiden sees how awkward I am wearing only a towel around him.
The room was nothing special, just a bed, nightstand and a wardrobe, a window gave the room some natural light.
Not even any posters, I'd say he doesn't use the room much, but the sheets and pillow have visible usage marks.
And everything is spotless.
I take out some clothes from my luggage.
And I get changed iiin-
You guessed it
y smug"the exact same outfit."
y"Because why change perfection?"
y"Good thing I brought multiple white shirts and jeans."
un"I notice you're addresing some kind of imaginary fourth wall from time to time."
un"Were you always this mentally ill or is it new?"
y"My mental issues are mine and mine alone."
un"Trust me, I do not want them."
I come out and see multiple plates of food on the table.
a"Hope you don't mind takeout, I'm not much of a cook, and not many places are opened around this hour on the campus."
y happy1"You kidding? I'm so hungry I could eat anything."
y"Good thing I had a big breakfast, or I would be dead by now."
sarcastic comments twice already."
That is a big plus for me, as I get to see his sharp, white teeth.
I don't know if he noticed I'm watching him most of the time and not the TV, but at this point, I kind of hope he did.
It would make things easier.
a"Hey, [name], I meant to ask you."
a"Have you decided on a Shard yet?"
y"Yeah, I did."
y"I did a long time ago actually, before coming here."
y"I just didn't want to make the choice too suddenly."
a"Oh, that's great."
a"I have to say, at first, I found it a little weird you haven't decided on a Shard."
a"Now it makes sense."
a"So..."
a"Which, uhm-"
He seems to really think about his next words.
a"Which dish is your favorite?"
un"Wow"
y awkward"Uhm"
Now that I had some food in me, I took my first real look at the table.
It had a varied number of dishes, from chinese, to mexican and indian.
That's a lot of leftovers.
y"I like the..."
y"Butter chicken I suppose, it goes well with the flatbread."
y"And I can't live without bread."
y"But the sauce in the noodles is also to die for."
a"I was saying the same thing about it."
y simple"..."
a"..."
Each of us tried to change from subject to subject as fast as we can, to forget the previous discussion topic.
I know what he actually wanted to ask, of course, but I am going to make this all more difficult and not reply.
Aiden guided me to my room, and opened the door for me.
He seemed tired, and I don't blame him.
It was a stressful day, some people threw punches, others caught punches with their face, but overall, it was fun.
We say our goodnights and part ways.
I close the door behind me and jump on the bed.
The sheets smell clean, I strip down to my undewear and get underneath them.
Sleep comes easily when there is no internet to distract you.
And when you have the fresh image of a hung tiger man in your mind.
I got more happiness in one day at this academy than an entire year in public school.
And I got punched in the face and knocked out, so that says a lot...
A familiar sound wakes me up, almost making me forget where I am.
As soon as I remember, my eyes shoot open, I get up and start dressing.
There is a whole new day that's waiting to unfold.
And I am ready as I'll ever be!
I have also decided, to finally tell Aiden about my Shard choice, seeing as he is not going to ask directly.
Why beat around the bush when the choice was made long ago?
Hey, Scribbles, you up?
un"I do not sleep."
Then what do you do all night?
un"Watch your dreams."
un"I have also discovered your 'Netflix' memories, so I started watching those."
un"You know, I might just like the way your kind took things, with evolution and all."
un"You might be feeble and weak."
un tease"But at least you know how to have fun."
un bored"Even if the activities have a severe lack of blood."
Uhm, thanks?
Anyway, time to see my Husb-
I mean, Aiden!
un"wow"
I open the door to the main room, connected directly to the kitchen in front of me.
The sound of plates and kitchen utensils is all I'm hearing.
Someone must already be up then.
y"Hey, good mornin-"
y simple"..."
y blush"..."
Aiden slowly turns around and looks at me as soon as the door opens
I try to keep my eyes on his face.
His slight frown back on, but not a hint of aggresion in it.
Yes, this is the man I first met and known for about two hours.
Is he back to normal?
But again, who am I to question what part of his personality is 'normal'.
I assume he must've noticed my blush.
a"I hope you don't mind my boldness."
a"No offense, but I don't want to change my habits for a guest."
y blush"N-none taken, and I totally understand, no pressure."
a"Good."
a"Now, for breakfast, what will it be?"
y awkward"I'll just have some toast with butter."
a"Absurd, you need energy, today we practice."
y simple"practice?"
a"Or more like, show off."
a"It's mostly for the newbies to show us what they got."
a"Like you."
a"So get ready by filling yourself with energy."
y"Then I suppose I'll have whatever you're making."
He lights up the stove, puts it on high, gets a pan and cracks some eggs.
6 eggs in a cast iron pan with no oil, no butter, no grease.
I was too stunned to speak.
I am a chef as much as a clam is an engineer, but even so, I knew before me, a cardinal sin was happening.
I decided to ignore it and make some conversation.
y simple"Sooo-"
y"I decided to join the Slayer's Shard."
He almost drops the pan.
a"That is a big piece of information you just dropped."
a"Are you sure?"
y"Yeah, as I said, I made up my mind long ago."
y"I thought I'd tell you before we get to practice."
a"I had a feeling you'd choose it."
a"Wait right here, I'll get the form."
He disappears inside his room, I watch as his hips move from side to side and tail swings until it disappears around the corner.
y blush"So dreamy~"
y shoked"Wait"
y shoked"Wha-"
y"Did-"
y"What about the eggs?"
y bored"Ugh, never mind, I'll try to save them."
I lower the heat and start scrambling them, mixing the overcooked bits with the raw ones.
y bored"Maybe this will do something."
I get some butter from the fridge and throw it in, with some salt and pepper.
I tried my hardest not to let the eggs stick to the pan, but I am no God.
I manage to plate them and throw some bacon into the pan, all this time Aiden is still not out of his room.
When I'm done I decide to see if he's alright, I get close to his door and hear him whispering.
It wasn't loud enough to understand, but I only heard one voice, so he's talking to himself.
A second later the door opens.
He doesn't look surprised to see me right in front of the door.
But he is completely clothed now.
I won't lie, that made me a little sad.
a"Apologies for the wait, I decided to get dressed, because someone-"
a"I."
a"I thought it was a bit inappropriate."
a"Here is your form, I had some copies in my bag, so you can sign to the Shard right now."
a"Here is a pen too."
His movement hints at how eager he is for me to sign the paper, even if his face doesn't.
I take the paper, place it on the table and write the most confident signature I've ever written.
After that I look back at Aiden for confirmation.
But he is staring at the plates of food while bringing them to the table.
y simple"Something wrong?"
y"Here is the form, signed and ready."
I hand it and he takes it without taking his eyes off the plates.
a"Huh?"
a"Oh."
a"Good job, and uhm-"
a"Not wrong, but I was expecting these to turn up sunny side up."
a"Where did I go wrong?"
How do I tell him he did not, in fact, scramble them, or plate them, or fry the bacon.
y awkward"Don't worry, I bet it will still taste good."
a"Well yeah, I know my way around the kitchen after all."
y smug"Sure you do."
a"But the texture is as important as the taste, I just need more practice."
y"Practice does make perfect."
y"Speaking of which, what will this 'practice' consist of?"
a"Well, for one, I need to learn to regulate the amount of spices I put in."
a"And apparently salt is not even considered-"
y simple"No no I meant, for today, at school