.
Or touching might not be the right word, better said, his hand holds mine roughly.
Making sure I can't let go
He takes me up a hill, right outside the academy's gates, with the view of the ocean and beach right in front of us.
a"This is still considered academy grounds, in case you were wondering."
y simple"Is being out prohibited?"
a"Not necessarily, but it is dangerous."
a"Nightfallen are attracted by the academy's magic."
Aiden slowly lets go of my hand while we're talking.
y"But I came through the woods, all the way from the road side."
y"Haven't seen any."
a"Did you not get here on the main path."
a"It's accessible by car."
y awkward"Is-"
y"Is the forest path not the only path?"
a"..."
Aiden starts chuckling while covering his mouth.
y smug"What's so funny?"
a"I'm sorry, just-"
He starts full on laughing.
I can't help but laugh along.
His big teeth on full display for the first time I met him.
And that sound is contagious.
I sit down on the grass in front of Aiden.
y smileworry"What?"
a"Did you really-"
a"really not-"
y laugh"I seriously had no idea."
a"I can just imagine a Nightfallen having its way with you."
a"What a first day that would've been for you."
a"That didn't happen, did it?"
y"No Nightfallen for me, but I did find Tate on the way."
a"Oh, that's worse, at least a Nightfallen will offer you a good time."
y awkward"I did fall in a 20 feet deep hole he made."
a"Oh... right."
a"You did mention it before."
a"..."
a"I'll murder him."
y awkward"Did I say 'his'?!"
y"I meant."
y"A random hole, and he was the one to get me out soooo-"
y"Hooray Tate!"
a"I suppose that cat has his uses."
a"Sometimes."
a"Hey, watch this."
He reaches his hand out in a dimensional pocket, taking out some soda drinks one by one.
a"Thirsty?"
y smug"Always."
We sit down underneath the tree on the hill.
Facing the neverending ocean.
Truly beautiful.
a"So tell me more of your little misadventures."
y"You asked for it."
y"here is my entire life story."
I tell Aiden about some of the incidents from my previous schools.
And how I got into the academy in the first place.
a"And then what?"
I explain a bit about how my powers are not very reliable, and I need a whole lot of energy and magic to cast spells.
Even if I'm mostly talking from what I've learned online, not from experience.
He seems very invested in my words, not looking away for a second.
I stop talking after a while.
After all, I want to know things about him too.
a"About me?"
a"Hmm, let's see."
a"You know my position."
a"My personality."
un"That one's still a mystery."
y smug"What about your powers?"
y"Haven't seen you in action yet"
a"Right, I should let you know, considering tomorrow we're doing team battles."
a"And obviously we're partners."
y blush"Partners, of course."
y"I'd want nothing more."
un"Smooooth."
y worried"Wait, but I just told you I might be useless in battle."
a"Another reason to have you by my side, I won't let anyone touch you."
a"Besides, the key word is 'might'"
a"You might be awesome."
a"So about my powers."
a"I have an affinity for any illusion magic and light manipulation."
a"All smoke and mirrors, if you may."
a"I can go invisible, blind my opponents, cancel their own magic etc."
a"It doesn't sound like much."
a"But everyone changes their mind when their magic is unavailable and all their senses are taken from them in the blink of an eye."
y simple"That sounds scary."
a"Heh, thanks for acknowledging it, I'll make sure to put on a show for you tomorrow in the arena."
a"Now let's see, continuing the questionnaire."
a"you know my father as well."
y shoked"What?"
y confused"I don't think I had the pleasure."
a"But you saw him, didn't you?"
I'm trying to imagine the last time I saw a handsome tiger, that could resemble the father of this magnificent specimen.
But nothing comes up.
y simple"Actually, I do not think so."
a"Huh."
a"I thought Haima gave it away before."
a"In fact, I thought you knew even earlier than that."
a"I'm glad my father was not the reason you decided to spend time with me."
y confused"I am very confused, why would that matter, and what did Haima say again?"
a"Kiraman."
a"They called me Kiraman."
y confused"hmmmm..."
y shoked"Kiraman, but isn't that?"
a"The Headmaster's name too?"
a"That one is the unfortunate soul to have me as a son."
a"Or at least that's what he says nowadays."
y"Is he..."
y"you know."
a"Gay?"
y bored"Adoptive."
a"Heh."
a"Yes, obviously."
a"For both things."
y"Addresing the elephant in the room."
y simple"Not to sound disrespectful."
y"But why is he the new Headmaster?"
y"Didn't someone else get elected last year after the old Headmaster retired?"
a"All I know is that my father has been complaining about how this academy is functioning for years."
a"Especially once I got in."
a"The guy who won the election kind of..."
a"Disappeared?"
a"I'm not going to point fingers here."
a"But whatever strings my father pulled to become Headmaster, he did it successfully."
a"It's not my business really."
a"Besides, we haven't been getting along lately."
a"And by lately I mean the past three years."
y"Why is that?"
a"It wasn't my big dream to become a Hunter, unlike most people here."
a"That's all I'll say."
a"Enough about that boomer, next topic!"
y simple"Let's see."
y smug"What do you like to do for fun?"
a"Fun?"
a"Who has time for that around here."
y"Aren't we having fun now?"
Aiden looks into the distance for a second and smiles.
a"Yes."
a"Yes we are."
a"I-"
a"I actually like to play the guitar sometimes."
a"You might have seen one in my dorm."
y smug"I couldn't miss it, it was so polished it was blinding me the whole time."
y"I would love to hear you play sometime."
a"Heh."
a"I never had an audience before."
a"But fine, just this once."
y happy1"Concert time!"
He reaches once again into his dimensional pocket, this time it takes him a little longer to find it.
But eventually he gets it out, it's bigger than I remembered.
a"Just don't laugh, it's been a while."
I can't laugh when I never even touched one before.
I give him a nod of encouragement.
He nods back with a smile.
Aiden gets in position, places his fingers on the chords, looking somewhat nervous.
There is no amplifier or even a belt to strap it on.
It would be a raw electric guitar experience.
And so it begins...
It took me a little by surprise.
I was expecting to hear Rock, or even Death Metal.
But when he started to carefully caress the strings-
...
a calming, beautiful melody came out.
Slightly fast paced.
Enforced by the echo of the empty hill.
It reminded me of a love song.
After a while the sounds began to sound louder, more confident.
Aiden appeared to lose himself more and more into the notes.
And I, losing myself in memories.
My eyes were trying to focus on his masterful fingers.
But my mind was desperately trying to escape reality.
To get to the place and time this song was taking me.
It conveyed the exact feelings I had today.
The happiness of starting my new life at the academy.
The dread of not knowing if this life will last long.
And the weird emotions that started to flutter in my stomach since we got to this hill.
It made me realize just how much I have to learn.
And what a long journey still awaits me.
Aiden's eyes are closed the whole time.
He must feel the music running through.
Particles of light danced around him.
He is channeling magic unconsciously.
'light manipulation'.
I took a new position on my belly, holding my head with my arms.
Looking at him with adoring eyes.
Even the wind seemed to stop once the music started.
I'm obsessed by how in love Aiden looked while playing.
Maybe it's just such deep passion.
Or maybe it's because he finally has someone to perform for.
But either way, I can feel it is something personal to him.
So he has my utmost respect.
...
.....
Hours passed by, maybe days, or years.
I do not care.
Me and Aiden are living the moment.
Unfortunately, all good moments end at some point.
And that moment was when Aiden's fingers started to cramp.
Biology ruined our magic moment...
a"So?"
a"How was it?"
y cry"You're amazing." #here
a"I suppose if you say that through tears, that means I should either believe you, or it was just that bad."
y"ha."
y"The former."
I get closer to Aiden and dare to hug him.
We are becoming more and more affectionate, so for the first time, Aiden wasn't even surprised, or not TOO surprised at least.
He didn't push me away, or flinch.
But wrapped his arms around me.
a"I must apologize, but I haven't practiced in a long while."
a"I doubt my fingers still hold."
y simple"It's fine."
y"I won't force you to do it."
y"Maybe some other time."
a"Yeah..."
Our lunch was done a long time ago.
Now we just chat idly.
We have no classes for the rest of the day, so we spend the time together.
I just tried to avoid the musical topic.
Even though there were a lot of awkward silence moments, we managed to make the time go.
I didn't even notice when the sky caught flame and the grass turned golden.
We watch the sunset and gossip for a while longer, while munching on a bag of pistachios.
Somehow we started talking about the people we would 'do'.
Is that a good idea considering HE is the person I try to do at the moment?
un"No."
Yes.
Well, no.
But what am I supposed to do?
Confess?
HA HA.
y"Ok."
y"Haima."
a"That one bites with no warning."
y smug"Kinky."
a"You'd think that, but it's really not."
a"Besides, I like living too much to approach them."
y"What about Merina?"
a"That would never happen."
a"Her standards are over the roof."
a"but if somehow a miracle is peformed, then yes."
y"Hmmm, Dallan's vice?"
a"Chelsie?"
a"Dallan is way too protective over her."
a"So I'd rather not."
y smug"Tate?"
a"Ha."
a"Not in a million years."
y confused"Really?"
a"I might be exaggerating there, but he's too annoying, so no."
a"Also, slut alert."
a"It's another assumption of mine, didn't catch him in the act yet, but someone like him must have a lot of guys in his bed."
y"Huh..."
y"Thinking often about Tate's assumed partners?"
y smug"That sounds just a little bit like jealousy."
a"Don't be foolish."
a"There are a million furs better than that idiot."
y"Oh yeah? name one fast, the top of your head."
a"You."
y blush"..."
y"That's-"
y"Cute."
a"O-or anyone else really."
a"Whatever."
a"Which one's next?"
y"A-alright, Dallan?"
a"Sure."
y shoked"Really?"
a"He's alright."
a"A little dumb for my taste, but he works."
a"You have to admit he's generically attractive, plus muscular and well defined."
a"Do NOT tell him I said that."
y smug"About the dumb part or that you'd 'do' him?"
a"About both, please."
y"My lips are sealed."
y smug"Last one-"
y"Monty?"
a"UGHHH."
a"You don't even know who that is, do you?"
y"Nope, but Haima did mention something."
a"Can I be honest?"
y"Of course."
a"I would rather bang anyone previously mentioned, in front of the entire academy, than let Monty come in a 20 meter radius of me."
y simple"Noted."
un tease"Hey, that inlcudes you!"
un"Don't you feel so good to be just a little bit better than what I presume is a sexual predator?"
Ignored.
un"Heh."
After our little game was over, and we promised that the results will never spill out, we decided to head back before it gets dark.
By the time our lunch time was over, dinner was approaching.
This time, Aiden's stomach was the one begging for food.
y"Sweet, not a lot of people around."
y smug"Maybe this time we'll actually get to sit down."
a"You do need to experience the old, sticky chairs to know what academy life is like."
As we get closer, we notice that the line is way smaller than in the afternoon.
a"Dinner doesn't have a set time around here, so furs come and go from 6 to 9."
t"HEEEEY!"
t"HEEEEEEEEY!"
Aiden groans at the sound of the new voice.
t"Hey, [name]."
t"Guess who got out of detention early."
This time, Tate looks like usual, while Dallan might fall over any second.
d"..."
d"Not-"
d"Not true."
d"I just didn't have the means to get him back."
d"I've been chasing him for an hour."
d"He found an opened window and jumped."
t"Your attempts of concealing me are futile, old man."
I come closer to Dallan and let him lean on my shoulder.
He's heavy, but I manage to get him to an empty seat.
a"That sounds like an extension of his detention to me."
t"Oh Aiden, you are hilarious."
t"Ever thought of becoming a comedian?"
a"It's not a joke."
t"There you go again!"
t"Classic."
Aiden looked like he was getting ready to punch a cat, so I decide to grab his arm and calm him.
y awkward"If we're all here, why not start dinner?"
y"I wonder what the menu is for the evening."
t"Yeah, let's do it, dinner is usually pretty awesome around here."
t"Even if there are a bunch of restaurants around, students usually stick to the cafeteria."
We catch an empty table beside the window.
Me, Aiden and Tate grab some trails and get in line.
Dallan has his head on the table.
d"You go ahead guys, I'll just."
d"Keep this spot for you."
y smileworry"Do you want us to bring you anything?"
d"No, I don't feel like eating."
d"Or maybe just some water, if it's not too much of a bother."
d"And maybe a salad."
d"Oh, actually, they have fresh lobster today, I won't be mad if you brought two of those here."
y awkward"Ook, coming right-"
d"And maybe some of that curry Ms. Dunstry makes, with rice."
d"And obviously today's special, whatever that is."
d"You don't want to miss on that, ever."
y"..."
y simple"Is that all?"
d"Yeah, I don't want to make you carry too much."
y pf"It's fine."
d"In that case could you get a steak too? medium-rare please."
d"Thanks again, you're the best."
He then slams his head on the table and proceeds to lightly snore.
I get in line with two trays, I get myself almost everything Dallan described as well, but in way smaller portions.
Aiden sees me struggling and tries to help carry one of the trays, but Tate gets to me first and makes all three of our trays levitate behind us.
A certain tiger did not like that.
We get back to the table.
Dallan wakes from his little nap, and imediately starts eating.
Today's special was a nice bowl of Pho, very light, perfect to compliment our menu.
As we sit down to eat, I realize I haven't yet told the other two I chose a Shard already.
y smileworry"By the way, did I tell you that I joined a Shard?"
t"What?!"
d"You missed that part."
t"WHICH ONE DID YOU CHOOSE!?"
y awkward"The Slayer's Shard."
y"I thought it suits me best."
t"pff."
t"Yeah right, more like you want some tiger coc-"
Tate gets karate choped in the head for the second day in a row, but this time, he managed to not pass out.
So he just remained quiet, sulking in his seat.
d"I think it's wonderful that you decided so fast."
d"Hopefully it works out."
y happy1"Thanks, I hope so too."
Aiden in the meantime, is eating his food silently.
I think this is a good time to have a personal talk with each of these three.
Or at least the ones I already have a good connection with so far.
un"In public?"
un"In front of the other two?"
Yep.
un"I do not think you know the definition of 'personal'"
un"But go ahead."
y simple"So, Tate, how come you know so much about the academy, aren't you a first year like me?"
t"Ah, this is my first year studying here."
t"But I lived here for three years."
a"You mean you bothered* everyone in this establishment for three years."
t"Ignore the striped one."
t"And sorry, but that's all I'll say for now, you understand, right?"
y"Yeah, totally, I understand."
y"Hey, someone looks better."
d"Yes, thanks to you."
d"I just needed some energy, and this meal sure did the trick."
y"I meant to ask, what's your story?"
y"Where did you come from and how come you're a leader?"
d"Are you asking about my entire life story, [name]?"
d"I would gladly share it with you, but maybe in a more private place, when we're alone."
y awkward"Of course, that makes sense."
pass
Aiden looks a distressed, his legs are shaking beneath the table.
y worried"Hey, are you ok?"
a"FINE!"
y"..."
d"..."
t"..."
a"I mean, yes."
a"I am ok."
a"Was there anything else?"
y"Uhm, well, I just had a question."
a"Shoot ahead."
y"I just wanted to know, how come you have so much free time, and still manage to do all your work?"
Aiden seems surprised by my question.
a"Well."
a"What can I say?"
a"If you love what you're doing, then time moves slower."
y"That does not really answer to-"
a"Let's change the topic."
t"Oh come ooon."
t"Tell us your secret."
d"I would love to know as well actually, being more productive sounds great."
a"Why don't the two of you mind your own business?!"
He looks at me with the same glare, I can see his eyes soften when meeting mine, then he sighs and picks up his half eaten tray of food.
a"See you tomorrow, [name]."
t"Sheesh, someone got a Nightfallen stuck in his ass."
d"That was unexpected."
t"So what do you guys think?"
t"I bet he's secretly a time wizard."
t"You know, like in Parry Hotter."
d"Those don't exist."
d"It doesn't make any sense."
t"That whole book makes no sense."
t"And neither does that tiger."
The sun is no longer visible on the horizon, and stars started to appear.
We remain some of the last people in the cafeteria.
We talked for a bit about what happened today at practice, and we tried not to mention Aiden too much.
y simple"I think we should go too, it's getting late."
t"Yeah, ok, but don't you forget about tomorrow's team battles, got it?"
t"It's going to be sooooo fun!"
y happy1"Promise."
d"And, [name], if you could do me a favour?"
y"Anything."
d"Check up on Aiden for me, will you?"
y"I was planning on it."
d"Of course you were."
d"You like him, don't you?"
y blush"I-"
y"Maybe."
d"I see."
d"I'm just glad you're happy."
d"Good night, [name]."
y blush"Bye."
I wander alone through the dark streets.
Illuminated here and there by some street lamps.
The moon is now out as I enter the dorm's hall.
y"Let's see, room 72."
I get to the 4th floor and look for it.
y"There it is."
I stop in front of the door.
y"The first look at my new home."
y determined"I'm ready."
I scan my card, I open the door, the room is dark and quiet.
The room was modest, it looked a lot like my old room from home.
Just a bit more spacious.
There is a door leading to a bathroom with a shower.
y smug"Sweet, at least I have my own bathroom."
y"No attached kitchen like Aiden's room, unfortunately."
Or guest rooms.
Speaking of Aiden's room, I just realized that most of my stuff is still in his dorm.
y"That's great actually."
y"Now I have a reason to go and talk with him about what just happened."
un"Actually, you don't."
y worried"What?"
y"What do you mean?"
un"I have a task for you."
y bored"It's night time, can't it wait until tomorrow?"
un"I thought I told you to wait for the night to set then we can start my plan."
un"You can not be seen."
un"Or have you already forgotten?"
y awkward"Oh no no, definitely did not forget."
y worried"Wait, is it something illegal?"
un"Is it considered illegal by your laws, if nearly nobody knows the place you'll go to exists?"
y bored"I don't know, I'm not a lawyer."
un"Then let's go."
y"I ain't moving until I get filled in."
un tease"Oh, I'll fill you alright, ahaha."
y angry"Scribbles!"
un bored"Fine."
un"Do you remember how useless and pathetic you were at practice today?"
y bored"How can I, you won't let me forget about it."
un"The facts remain, that whatever the test will be, you will most likely not pass it."
y"I feel so much better now."
un"My power is very limited inside your body."
un"So, to give you a little edge, we will go get a little artifact."
y simple"What will it do?"
un"It will help ME help YOU more efficiently."
un"Growing your powers will take more than two days."
un"So for now, we have to get you through that stupid test."
un"So we can then focus on getting me out of my prison."
y"That sounds..."
y happy1"Perfect."
y"So how do we get it without being seen?"
y simple"And more importantly, in how much trouble will I be if someone finds out?"
un"Nobody will find out if you're not caught."
un"And about night guards."
un"I don't have many ideas, that's up to you."
y smug"You know?"
y"I have a friend that uses ilusion magic."
un tease"Ah, so your lust for tiger dick comes in handy after all."
y bored"Don't say it like that."
un bored"Whatever, let's go see him."
un"Hopefully he won't ask for details."
I get down two floors, and stop in front of Aiden's room.
I can see light through the small door cracks, so I know he's not sleeping.
I knock.
a"Hey."
a"glad you showed up."
He leaned against the door frame, a smirk on his face.
He does not look mad anymore, at least.
y awkward"Hey, Aiden, sorry to bother you so late, I just-"
a"Wanna come inside?"
a"I could use some help with a little problem."
a"And something tells me."
He looks me up and down, licking his lips.
a"You have just what I need."
y blush2"Uhmmmmm-"
un ang"Abort!"
un"Abort! you can not get seduced, do you hear me!?"
un"Remember our goal."
un"Sex is temporary, passing the test brings eternal glory."
SEX?!
WHO SAID ANYTHING ABOUT SEX?!
OMG, IS- IS HE REALLY?
un worried"No no no, I was just joking, promise."
un"Focus."
un"Your luggage."
Alright, alright.
I try to concentrate, and breathe steadily.
y"A-actually, I'm very tired, I just remembered I left my stuff in the guest room."
y"Do you think you could?"
a"But of course, anything for you, just a moment."
He closes the door, and I hear another opening.
I hear his muffled voice and some shuffling inside.
In a minute the door opens again, and Aiden hands me my luggage back.
a"Here we go."
y"Thank you."
y"Oh, and also, uhm."
y"Can I ask a favour?"
a"Sure thing, but I warn you."
a"It will cost you."
y awkward"I'll try to pay up."
y"So you think you could make me invisible."
y"I just don't want anyone to see me walking around at night."
a"I get it, say no more."
a"But just between you and me, that kind of reputation can actually get you a lot around here."
a"So being seen won't hurt you."
y awkward"I'll..."
y"keep that in mind?"
He snaps his fingers once in my face.
a"That should do it."
a"Here."
Aiden starts to unbuckle his belt.
He takes it out completely, his pants still tight around his waist.
What is he-
He holds the shiny, reflective metal part in front of my face, I look into it and see the wall behind me.
a"It's the closest thing to a mirror I have at hand."
a"But there you go, you're invisible."
a"It should last about an hour."
a"And about that debt, expect it to be collected sometime soon."
y blush"Understood."
a"Good boy."
y"..."
y blush"'Good boy'?"
y"What the hell got into him?"
un"No kidding, not even the extra lust from me can make you act like THAT."
un"Animal."
un tease"He reminds me of myself."
y simple"Alright, we have an hour, let's go."
un bored"Leave your luggage here."
y confused"Why?"
un"Because your smartass forgot to make it invisible too, you want people to see a rolling luggage with no one dragging it?"
un"What's the point of being invisible then?"
y simple"Good point."
y"I'll come back."
I get outside, everything is quiet.
Except for the crickets singing.
un"I will guide you, you just walk, try to avoid people even if you're invisible."
Got it.
I walk through the night, as silently as I can.
On my way I go past two security guards, and thankfully, the invisiblility spell is not letting me down.
y"This is going pretty well."
un"Oh, I expect you'll find a way to fuck this up, don't worry."
y bored"Is that really all the faith you have in me?"
y"Wow, what a friend you are."
un"Just keep walking, and if we really get there with no problems, then you might just deserve a reward."
y smug"That is tempting."
My mind kept wandering back to my moment with Aiden.
What even happened?
Or what could have happened if I accepted his invite?
Guess we'll never know.
Rounding up a corner, I spot Therium, the vice leader of the Summoner's Shard.
He's standing there, against the wall, looking at the stars, about 20 feet in front of me.
th"I love nights like these, no clouds in the sky."
th"The stars and moons are shining bright."
un"What a freak."
un"Let him blabber to himself, walk past him and make sure he doesn't hear your footsteps."
th"It's the perfect time for romantic encounters."
th"Wouldn't you agree, [name]?"
un"God damn it."
y shoked"Wha-?"
He makes a couple of steps towards me as I try to get past.
He goes straight for my jaw, holding my face somewhat gently, but firm enough to feel it.
He leans forward, holding my head and making me look into his eyes.
th"Caught you, little shadow."
y awkward"H-heeeey~"
y"Uhm, so, Therium, what brings you around here?"
th"I should be asking you."
th"It isn't unusual to be outside at this hour."
th"But invisible?"
th"Suspicious."
th"Weird even, some would say."
y"I'm just shy and wanted a late night snack."
th"You don't have to make excuses, because frankly, it is not in my interest to get you in trouble."
y smileworry"Phew, that's reassuring."
th"But I do have one condition."
un simple"If he asks for an organ, just say yes, trust me, I can deal with that."
y awkward"A-anything."
y"Uhm."
y"As long as it's legal?"
He touches his gem earring, a faint blue trail errupts from it.
The next second, a blooming blue rose is summoned between his teeth.
He grabs it with two fingers and hands it to me.
Then whispered.
th"Lend me your body, for but an hour."
un scared"Oh no no, decline!"
un"He can take out so many parts in an hour."
un"Legs, arms, heart, everything."
un"I can't help then."
I really doubt that's what he means, Scribbles.
un ang"Whatever!"
un"Your body is mine!"
un"I'm not sharing it either way."

--- CHOICES ---
→ I missed my chance to have some action tonight already, should I miss it again?
→ Accept.
→ Therium looks taken aback.
→ He gives a light chuckle.
→ Therium, crouches and kisses me tenderly on the lips.
→ His lips were hot, and not only in the sexy way.
→ I could feel his tongue slip into my mouth gently.
→ He moves his lips, doing all the work himself.
→ Can you blame me?
→ This is the first real kiss I ever got.
→ It feels wrong to have it in the middle of the campus, at night, with someone I barely know.
→ Even if I did just agree to basically sleep with him.
→ And being invisible.
→ If someone sees him frenching the air they're going to have a laugh for sure.
→ After a couple of seconds he slowly moves away, leaving a trail of saliva between us that broke away as his head got farther away.
→ And he's gone.
→ My legs feel weak, shaky.
→ My face is burning up and my heart is racing.
→ My invisibility still stands, but does it even matter, if anyone can hear my heartbeat from a mile away?
→ I blink and he's gone.
→ The same as earlier in the cafeteria.
→ Didn't sound like a teleportation spell.
→ I look around and see him turn the corner at high speed.
→ I look down in my hand after a second.
→ And see the beautiful blue rose he summoned.
→ The rose starts to slowly fade away, as Therium gets farther away.
→ bright blue particles surround me and tickle my whiskers.
→ The transparent flower makes me feel warm in the chilly night air.
→ Decline.
→ He gives a light chuckle.
--- END CHOICES ---

un bored"I'm surprised he saw you."
un"Or maybe just sensed you."
un"Anyway, let's get a move on."
un"We're pretty close."
We walk between some more buildings, and even through some bushes.
Because walking around them 'wOuLd jUsT wAsTe MoRe tImE'.
Finally, we get to a staircase, it is behind the main building.
And truly, without the demon's shortcuts, I don't think anyone would ever get here without specifically looking for this place.
y simple"So, what is this place?"
un"Nothing yet, you have to say these words in front of the stairs."
un"'Aperi, deus tuus senex hic est'."
un"But first, I'll make a dampening bubble around here."
He does just that and I feel a lot of energy leave my body, but the next second, absolutely no sound can hit my ears anymore.
Even the crickets stopped, and the wind and the rustling of tree branches.
It was an eerie experience.
un"Now repeat those words."
I pride myself in a pretty good memory, so I repeat the words perfectly.
As soon as I'm done.
The stairs start rotating upside down.
The steps that went upwards until now are now making path into a dark pit.
Pitch black.
un"You could work on your pronunciation more."
y"Really?"
y"I thought I did good."
un"Decent."
y simple"Soooo."
y"am I going to hell?"
un"Obviously, everyone is, heaven is just a story to make you mortals feel-"
un simple"Oh wait, you meant right now?"
un"No no, just a cave with ancient trinkets and artifacts."
y bored"Gee thanks for spoiling the end of the season, now I know what happens after death."
I take some careful steps down.
For once, my weak powers come in handy.
I create a little energy ball that shines brightly and start my descent.
The pit is not as deep as I thought, the darkness is just thicker than usual, like dark mist.
We get to a long corridor.
the walls are similar to the ones in the academy itself.
On both sides of the corridor there are pedestals filled with items.
y simple"So, what are we looking for?"
y"And what are all these?"
un tease"Ah."
un"My old toys, I'm glad to see they're still kept well, although it looks like some are missing."
y"So you were rich?"
un simple"Sure, let's say that."
Indeed some of the pedestals were empty.
un"We are looking for a medallion."
un"In the shape of a diamond."
un"This school's emblem in fact."
I look around, the nearest object to me is a crystal ball the size of a beachball.
un simple"That's my All Seeing Orb."
y simple"How does it work?"
un"You just have to say 'Reveal to me' and the name of the person or object you want to see."
y shoked"Can I try?"
un"Don't see why not, if we were to be caught, it wouldn't be bacause of this."
y simple"Will it work if I don't know their last names?"
un"As long as there is no other person with the same name, and you specify where they are."
y"Alright, that works."
menu See:
Reveal to me-
y"Tate, Academy of Lakonia."
The ball lights up.
In seconds, the image of a cat appears.
He's in what I assume is his dorm room.
But there are an abnormal amout of pillows.
He's covered in pillows, there are pillows on the ground.
I'm not sure he has a bed, I think those are all pillows.
Quite a lot of stuffed animals too.
Most of them looking like common Nightfallen or dragons.
The only visible part is his face.
Not even that, just the snout.
un tease"It would be funny if he suffocated to death."
y bored"That would be anything but funny."
un"Hey, who knows."
un"If things went a little different maybe you'd be there, cuddling between those pillows too."
un bored"And dying together."
un tease"Isn't that romantic?"
y blush"Yeah-"
y simple"I mean, without the dying part."
un bored"Fine, moodkiller