."
un tease"Wanna spy some more?"
y simple"Dallan, Academy of Lakonia."
Dallan appears as an image inside the ball.
y simple"It's late, but he's not sleeping."
y"In fact."
y"I believe he's still inside the building, not even in his dorm room."
y"Dallan looks tired"
y"The only light shining is the moonlight, not even a candle or a lamp."
y"He's just bent over some papers, why didn't he do that in the day time?"
un"Because he had to take care of someone's detention."
un"Or because he would rather spend the days with you and nights working."
un"Maybe if things were different."
un"You could've kept him busy in the night too, heh."
y blush"Maybe."
un"Ok, who's next?"
y simple"Therium, Academy of Lakonia."
The orb starts glowing.
It shows Therium's face from up close, he's smiling with his eyes closed and hands ove his head.
The orb slowly zooms out.
It appears he's on a bed, no longer outside, ready to go to sleep.
As the image gets further, I realize he's not wearing any clothes, maybe just underwear?
y simple"..."
y blush"Nope, not even underwear."
Not only is he naked, but his member is out, semi erect, resting on his stomach.
If I were to estimate, I'd say it's about ten inches long at the moment, and probably bigger when it's hard.
The smile must be of satisfaction, it seems like he just finished his, uhm.
Business...
Looking closer, I notice the white liquid against his white chest and belly fur.
Completely covering him.
un simple"Damn, would you look at that."
un tease"Just imagine, all that could've been inside you right now, if only you insisted on going with him."
un"Man, I actually wish to see that."
un simple"Anyway, continue?"
y blush"Is it a good idea to spy on Aiden right now?"
un"Why would it not be?"
y"Well, he seemed very..."
un tease"Horny?"
un"In the mood?"
y"Y-yeah, something like that."
un"That's just another reason to do it!"
un"See him naked for the first time?"
un"Well second, actually."
un"So hell yeah, go for it."
y"Fine."
y"Reveal to me, Aiden, Academy of Lakonia."
The orb does not respond.
y simple"Hey, why is it not working?"
un bored"Hmm, no idea."
un"You know his last name, don't you?"
un"Try that."
y simple"Reveal to me, Aiden Kiraman, Academy of Lakonia."
Nothing.
y angry"Reveal to me, Aiden Kiraman."
The orb is quiet.
y"Did it ever do that when you were using it?"
un"Yes, but I never had the time to figure out every little problem about it."
un"Just leave it."
y simple"I think we should get going."
y"That medallion won't find itself."
un"Smartest thing you've said in a while."
After the crystal ball, I see five rings, arranged in a semi circle on a pedestals.
un"Those give you elemental powers."
un"But it's better to not touch them."
y worried"Aww, but I want more powers."
un"And how do you explain developing a bunch of elemental affinities overnight?"
y bored"Fair."
The next pedestal had a big cylinder object on it, around four feet long and one wide.
y simple"It has a lid, what is it?"
y"Can I open it?"
un simple"Oh yeah, you'll like this one actually."
un"It's an incense powerbuff, makes you permanently stronger by smelling it once."
y shoked"Oh wow, how much power we talking about?"
I get the lid off, and I can already tell it is a smell based item, based on, well- the smell.
un"A decent amount."
un"Go on, bury your face in there."
y smug"Don't mind if I do."
un"Oh, trust me, I don't mind."
I close my eyes and inhale deeply, the walls of the cylinder are cushioned so my muzzle can fit all the way and feel comfortable.
un"Go on, take a deeeep breath."
The inside smells somewhat musty, it has a weird aroma, intoxicating even.
Hmmm, acidic...?
Cushioned - walls.
Soft, cylinder, hole...
'Toys'...
I get the thing off my face quickly and slam it in the ground.
y angry"You fucking dick!"
un tease"HAHAHHAHAHA ahha."
un"I can not believe you did it."
y"Was that what I think it was."
un"My old fleshlight?"
un"Yup."
un"You should feel honored, it was the best in my collection."
un"Besides, I can feel your erection, remember?"
un"I know you liked it."
y blush2"It does not mean I liked it."
un"Heh, sure."
y bored"If you feel everything I experience, doesn't that mean you also smelled your own used fleshlight?"
un bored"..."
y smug"Well?"
un ang"Fuck off."
y"Oh wow, so used to the smell of your own cum you don't even realize you're smelling it, huh?"
y laugh"Why do you have that anyway?"
y"Have problems getting bitches?"
un ang"WHAT?"
un"Of course not."
un"I had all the bitches back in the day."
y"Of course grandpa."
y"That fleshlight stank of virgin."
un sad"Find the damn medallion already."
The demon keeps silent, but I can feel his angry mumbles.
I walk further in, ignoring most other items.
Don't want to be tricked into using some more of his old toys...
I finally see the medallion, hanged in a corner.
A diamond shaped, golden crest.
It had a chain before as far as I can see.
But it looks broken now.
y simple"Hey, is this it?"
un simple"Yes!"
un"Get it and let's go."
It breaks my heart to leave all of these OP items, but I really don't want to get in trouble.
For owning ancient, forbidden relics.
As soon as we get out, the path we came through starts closing.
At least we won't have to worry about that now.
I go back to the dorm.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened on the way here.
Except that my invisibility expired as soon as I got inside.
I didn't realize an hour passed already.
But it did not matter.
y"I'd say that was a success."
I walk up the stairs to my floor, I round the corner and-
I see Aiden closing my door.
He flinches as he sees me.
a"[name]!"
a"Good, uhm."
a"Good evening?"
un bored"You forgot to lock the door doofus."
a"What are you doing so late ouside?"
y simple"I was just getting some fresh air."
y"were you looking for me?"
a"Yeah."
a"yes, I was, I noticed your door was unlocked and nobody was responding so I decided to let myself in."
a"I hope that's not too much of a problem."
a"I was just worried."
y happy1"Not at all, I'm glad you care."
Awwww, he cares so much.
un"You'd let a murderer lure you into a van if he complimented you once."
Depending on the compliment.
y"So what did you need me for?"
a"Right, I have to tell you that part now too."
a"We-"
a"Er, I-"
a"I obviously came to bring your luggage, that you left outside my door."
y awkward"Ohhh, I completely forgot."
y"I was sooo tired, you know?"
y"I must've forgotten it there."
We stand there with awkward expressions facing each other.
y simple"So where is it?"
a"..."
a"I don't have it on me, because-"
a"I wasn't sure why you left it so I didn't want to fondle with it."
a"So I came to ask."
a"Do you want me to bring it?"
y happy1"That would be awesome, thanks."
a"Right, I'll get to it, see you in a bit."
y simple"Good, he didn't press me further."
un ang"BECAUSE HE HAS SOMETHING WORSE HE'S HIDING!!!"
un"I swear, you mortals are as stupid as rocks."
y bored"I do not care, too tired."
y"I wanna try my new bed."
y bored"I'll just leave the door unlocked for Aiden, hopefully no thief or murderer decides to get in."
y"At least the room looks well taken care of, but the bed sheets are kind of wrinkled."
y"Whatever, can't be surrounded by hot guys AND have smooth sheets."
y"That's too much."
I jump face first into the bed, arms spread.
y"Finally."
y bored"Hmm, what's this?"
My hands pick something from the bed.
My mind instantly went to an insect, which almost made me jump from the bed.
But it was not.
It was a red flower petal.
y confused"Why is this here?"
y"Did the room have flowers in it?"
un"The petals are fresh and there are no flowers in the room at the moment, so I'd say no."
y bored"Whatever."
I throw the petal away.
y"That's a mystery for future me, day time me."
I close my eyes and go to sleep.
One minute passes, I turn to my side.
Another minute goes by, I take off my socks.
Another one, and I turn my pillow on the cold side.
And anoth-
un"Ok, what the hell are you doing?"
un"You kept whining about how tired you were, so fall asleep already."
y sad"I'm just..."
y"Too nervous."
y"And I have questions."
un"*Sigh*"
un"Ok, I'll listen for a while."
un"What are we working with?"
y simple"Well, first off, about this medallion, what does it do exactly?"
un"It absorbs energy and magic from anything or anyone the wearer touches."
un"That way, all you have to do to win in a fight is touch people."
un"The perfect strategy for a pervert like you."
y angry"Hey!"
y bored"that's fair actually."
un"So finally you'll be useful."
un"I will spend some of that energy to help you as well."
un"If I feel like it."
y"Thanks."
y"That is... reassuring?"
un simple"Anything else?"
y simple"Yeah."
y"Uhm."
y"Do you think I'm hot?"
un bored"What?"
y"Like, am I attractive?"
un"Where did that come from?"
y"It's just that after the mixed reactions I kept getting today and yesterday."
y"I was wondering what an impartial person might say."
un"I do believe you're considered conventionally attractive, yes."
y"Considered by whom?"
un"By this era's standards?"
un"As far as my knowledge goes from the media I consumed so far,
attractive people are more privileged."
un"The fact that you even survived
a day in this place with your skills says a lot."
y bored"You're good at insulting me without making me feel insulted."
un tease"You're welcome."
y simple"What were the 'attractive ones' in your times?"
un"I was in the top of the chart, of course."
un"But we'd fuck anything that moves, not many standards were reached."
un"So, to be fair, your kind did a good job on that aspect at least."
y smileworry"On behalf of all mortals."
y"Thank you, it makes me feel better."
un simple"Heh, alright kid."
un bored"And if we're on that topic, do you think-"
un simple"Kid?"
y asleep"*Snooooore*"
un bored"At least he fell asleep."
un"I guess I'll go watch some more of that TV he has in his brain."
un"I wonder if those two are still 'on a break'."
un"Honestly, the male is obviously in the right."
un ang"They WERE ON A BREAK."
un"How is that even an argument."
Later that night.
a"I can not believe you'd pull something like that on me."
a"And people say I'm the irrational one."
un2"Nobody says that, they just think you have anger issues."
un2"Which is true, technically."
un2"and relaaax dude, everything would've played out fine, if you didn't intervene, of course."
un2"man, and to think I almost got that ass..."
a"You didn't 'almost' get shit."
a"You almost ruined your image."
a"Plus, didn't I tell you I made him INVISIBLE for an hour?"
a"How did you even expect to see him?"
un2"I have an imagination, don't I?"
un2"And invisible holes are still prefectly fine."
a"Idiot..."
un2"That's your opinion"
a"*sigh*"
a"You dumb horndog."
a"Did you at least get your clothes before we exited the room?"
un2"I'm not wearing any."
a"So..."
a"You came all the way here naked?"
un2"Pretty much."
a"it's just a matter of time until he realizes, if he didn't already."
a"Damn it, and I'm not even sure I managed to pick up all of your stupid rose petals."
un2"Yeah yeah, whatever."
un2"It was bound to happen sooner or later."
un2"now for the real question, why in the name of the Devil, did you not use the invisibility spell on yourself
like me?"
un2"Ohhh, don't tell me, you WANTED to get caught."
un2"I get it."
a"You know me better than I know myself, so you know that's not true."
un2"Just let me have some fun, if I couldn't do that with our new friend."
a"Your words keep making me angrier, you know?"
un2"Oops, we don't want that to happen."
un2"You know what, let's just go reset, before we do something we might regret."
a"Smartest thing you said tonight."
un2"But seriously, why did you not go invisible?"
a"You're lucky I can't see you, or your face would be mashed potatoes."
un2"*Gulp*"
a"I'll go get the luggage."
a"So..."
a"Six hours is the limit, let's keep that in mind."
a"It's more than I expected."
a"I think it's time to just tell him..."
I wake up in the morning before my alarm clock.
Somehow I feel well rested even on five hours of sleep.
y"I wonder if Aiden is up yet, I should go see how he's doing."
y bored "Or maybe I should make HIM come to me."
y"Hmmm, what do you think Scribbles?"
un"Don't care, never did."
y happy1"You're right, If I want to get our relationship to the next level, I should not wait around."
un simple"Oooooor, we could do something ACTUALLY useful, like test out how your fighting style is coming along."
un"With the new buffs."
un bored"Maybe this time, you won't take a ball in the gut while running at a dummy."
un ang"You know?"
un"do the stuff you came here to do!"
y smug"Pfff, that's all in the past, now my main goal is to find love."
y scary"And you will NOT make me lose my chance, understood?"
un scared"P-perfectly."
un worried"wow."
un"I actually felt fear for a second."
y smug"Let's go now, I have a date with a tiger."
y"And by that I mean a casual meeting, but you know how it is."
I didn't bother taking my clothes off last night, so I don't have to worry about getting dressed.
I'm about to go fight, so no reason to take a shower either.
All I need is some breakfast aaand-
y happy1"Oh hey, Aiden brought my luggage, I was just thinking about it."
I take some deodorant out, just because I don't shower does not mean I have to smell like a musty animal.
On top of the luggage is a note.
'[name], I left this note in case you didn't check your phone, I must apologize for last night, I'll be waiting for you right outside the building.
y shoked"Shoot!"
y"I forgot I even have this thing."
I check my notifications, thankfully the only one there is Aiden's message, the same as on paper.
y pf"Hmmm."
y"I am not lying when I say I don't remember for sure what he wants to apologize for."
un simple"We caught him closing your door when we got back, he was being a creep."
un"And suspicious."
y"Now, why would he do that?"
un bored"You refused his invitation to fuck yesterday, he probably wanted to try again."
y"But chickened out? It makes no sense."
y"But if it is true."
y simple"that means..."
un"That YOU should be the one to apologize? agreed."
y bored"Don't gaslight me."
y"It was NOT my fault for saying no."
y simple"But for our sake, I will apologize nonetheless."
y"What should I even say?"
y"'Sorry, the demon inside me cockblocked you?"
un tease"Sure, let's go with that."
y bored"No."
We walk in the main lobby, I decided to just speak my mind to Aiden, no brain, just heart.
The door is open, the sky is still pink and slight wind through my fur makes me chilly.
I look around for some orange, striped fur.
But it seems it found me.
He was just casually playing with a dagger by throwing it up and down before spotting me.
a"[name], I'm glad you came."
y smug"Not like I had a choice, this is the only way out."
a"Actually, there are two back exits and a teleporting exit."
y simple"Oh, didn't know that."
a"So..."
a"Should I pretend I didn't see you yet or-"
y awkward"Oh no no, even if I knew I would still want to meet you."
a"That's good to know."
a"So first off, as I mentioned in the note, I wanted to apologize."
a"I've been acting like a jerk since we've met."
a"The truth is-"
y"I'm going to stop you right there."
y"There is nothing to apologize for."
a"I'm relieved to hear it, but I believe you deserve an explanation still."
y"You're wrong, everyone has their secrets, I sure have mine."
a"I agree, but I really think you should know that I-"
y determined"No, Aiden, I respect your privacy too much."
y"And frankly, I feel like I'm the one who should apologize."
a"Why?"
y shoked"Because I so rudely refused your invites."
y"Multiple times."
a"Oh, that?"
a"don't worry about it, I was, umm, a little drunk."
a"M-multiple times..."
a"But you should hear me out anyway."
y happy1"No need, I know everything I need to know."
a"It's literally my big secret that nobody-"
y"I said it's fine, we should just go."
a"Are you sure you don't want to kno-"
y determined"Shush!"
y"Less talking, more walking."
y"To the cafeteria!"
a"If you say so..."
a"At least I can say I tried."
ha"Why do I have this sudden feeling to kill an idiot?"
ha"Hmm."
ha"Where is Monty when you need him?"
This will be my first breakfast in the cafeteria, I wonder what they'll serve.
Maybe I can have my usual chocolate cereal.
Aiden really wanted to apologize and explain himself.
But it's my fault he was in that situation in the first place.
How stupid can I be to 'forget my stuff in front of his door'.
Good thing he didn't question me.
I had to let him talk as little as possible.
There are a decent number of people here, not as many as yesterday for lunch, but more than at dinner.
We get in line, and two tired faces show up behind us.
y simple"Good morning, Tate."
y"Good morning, Dallan."
They both give me a very apathetic, exhausted good morning.
a"Someone looks like crap today."
d"Yeah..."
y simple"What happened?"
t"I was just minding my own business in my pillow fort, when I get ambushed by a wild bear."
d"It was me, not a bear."
t"How could I tell the difference in the middle of the night?"
d"I had to get to him before he runs off."
d"Or he wouldn't come to detention."
d"But I scared him..."
a"Aaand?"
t"I flew out the window, obviously."
t"I always have a broom at hand."
d"I grabbed the broom's end, but the weight was too much."
t"If only you had less dinner."
d"That's not the reason, you midget."
d"Oh no, I'm turning into Aiden."
d"Tate, I'm so sorry!"
a"You're turning into everyone that knows this cat for more than a couple of days, not me specifically."
t"Anyway, we crashed in the forest."
d"A small Nightfallen got a hold of Tate."
a"Did it penetrate?"
y blush2"Aiden!"
a"What?"
a"it's a legit question."
d"No, I stopped it, but more came, and we had to run."
t"But got lost."
t"And the stupid Nightfallen drained almost all my magic, I couldn't teleport away or fly again."
d"Thankfully we texted Merina and Chelsie and they tracked us down."
d"Good thing she used me to test her new tracking chip invention."
d"Apparently, we weren't even that far from the main gate."
t"Dude, don't tell them THAT."
d"Oh."
d"Sorry..."
y bored"You know, Dallan has to suffer just so you don't get into more trouble, Tate."
y"You should at least try to cooperate."
y"I know detention must be boring, but trust me, you're not losing much around here."
a"I'd beg to differ."
y pf"Not helping."
t"But."
t"..."
t"I just want to spend time with you..."
un"Why?"
y smileworry"I want too, but look, we spend time right now, then at practice later, and at every meal, it's fine."
t"I guess."
t"But as your first and best friend, I deserve more attention still."
t"Don't forget that for the future."
y"Promise, I won't."
d"*sigh*"
d"Thanks, [name], maybe I won't be half dead by practice next time."
We sit down to eat.
Although they didn't have the brand of cereal I was used to, it did not matter.
As Dallan and Aiden kept insisting I need protein and energy, not sugar.
They were not wrong, but definitely annoying.
Let a man eat his sugar damn it!
Aiden offered to pay for me again.
And I'm not the type to refuse free food.
We discuss the practice battles some more, mostly for my sake.
Considering I know nothing about it.
At least I know I'll have a partner for sure.
Aiden was quite clear on that.
High school all over again?
Nope!
Not the only one without a pair this time!
And my pair is also hot!
The rules are simple, get a buddy to beat up the other pair.
No lethal magic or weapons are allowed.
And that's about it.
Even the Shard leaders are allowed to participate.
I am not as stressed out as I thought I would be.
If you told me a week ago I had to fight anyone with my almost nonexisting abilities.
I would've left the country.
But I suppose having these three as my friends helps with the anxiety.
un simple"Four."
Awwww
You're right, four.
t"By the way, wanna hear about the time I ACTUALLY got caught by a Nightfallen?"
a"We're eating damn it!"
a"Keep your slut stories for later."
t"Oh, alright, I get it, don't worry."
t"I'll tell you in private tiger."
He winks.
Aiden looks at Dallan.
a"Permission for punching?"
t"Objection!"
d"Sustained."
d"Sorry, Aiden, I don't think he can take a punch after our adventure."
a"I'll write it up for later then."
t"*gulp*"
I'd offer my protection, but I doubt I can stop a punch from Aiden.
So all I can do is feel bad for him in silence.
We spent over an hour at the table.
People were starting to be upset with us, not very discreetly either.
So we decided to get going.
Furs already started to flood the Arena.
A lot of them are asking around, going from person to person.
I'm assuming a lot of them still have no partners.
ha.
Suckers.
d"And we're here, at the last event before the test."
t"I still can't believe that new Headmaster makes us do a test at the beginning of the year."
t"I hope it will at least be fun."
y simple"It's a bad time to be a first year."
d"It's bad to be any year or position."
a"Hey, aren't you supposed to go prepare for the announcement?"
d"Naah, Merina said she'll take care of it, considering the shape I was in this morning."
d"Speaking of the fight, did you two find anyone to pair up with, we didn't have the time."
a"Obviously."
He turns to Tate.
a"Get ready kitten, we're going first, I wanna get out of here as fast as possible."
t"HA!"
t"Like I'd ever pair up with you."
t"Don't make me laugh, I have standards."
Aiden gets closer to him, grinning.
The cat loses his smugness as he approaches.
a"Oh no no no."
a"You got it all wrong."
He cups Tate's chin and looks into his eyes.
a"I meant get ready to be destroyed."
a"Because you're going to be facing me."
a"and I don't intend to be gentle."
t"ermm, h-hey, remember t-the rules..."
a"If I remember the rules?"
a"Why of course."
a"it says 'non-lethal'."
He whispers in his ear.
a"So I hope you have a good partner to protect you."
t"I do!"
t"I have... uhm."
t"Dallan!"
t"I have Dallan!"
t"Dallan will protect me!"
d"Ermm."
d"I don't really want to be involved."
d"But I don't have a partner either."
d"So I suppose I'll do it."
a"It doesn't matter who it is."
a"I'll get to you, one way or another."
a"Good luck."
a"You'll need it."
a"Let's go, [name], we need to talk tactics."
y"Right behind you"
t"H-hey [name], you won't let him maul your best friend, right?"
y smileworry"I don't think I can control him much."
t"Ha ha, of course, uhm."
t"See ya later then."
Poor guy, I really feel bad.
I hope Aiden will go easy on him.
He takes my hand and we retreat into a less crowded place.
y awkward"Are we going to fight Tate and Dallan?"
a"Yep."
y"Are you going to focus on Tate?"
a"Aha."
y"Does that mean..."
y"I'll have to fight Dallan?"
a"Pretty much."
a"It's not as bad as it seems."
a"Dallan doesn't have much to hurt you with."
a"He's mostly defence based."
a"You won't hit him hard, but he won't either."
y"Good to know."
y simple"So, what is our strategy?"
a"I'll take out that cat in the first two minutes, as long as he remains unprotected."
y"And I'll keep Dallan from interfering."
a"Exactly."
a"Then I'll rush to help you deal with Dallan."
a"Unfortunately I doubt we'll win against him."
a"But we can try."
y"He sounds like a monster."
a"More or less."
a"I can take away someone's magic."
a"But Dallan is completely immune to magic altogether."
a"And he is physically stronger than both of us combined, so there are not many chances for us."
un"I hope you're ready."
un"But remember, I'll only help you discreetly, amplifying the abilities you already have."
un"Or at least I'll make it look that way."
un"It's up to you to do the actual work."
y simple"Understood."
Aiden had to go do some vice stuff Haima requested.
So I was left alone, but I decided to take it as an opportunity to know other people.
One thing I noticed at this academy, is that most of the furs are actually very nice.
Compared to a public high school, I daresay it's because we are all adults here.
And not 15 year olds.
But we remained horny all the same.
As more than half the people I tried to approach for small talk took it as an invitation to bang.
I mean, they all accepted, but that was not my intention in the first place.
So we could say that the task failed succesfully.
I did get to strike a nice conversation about videogames from a black panther named Coal.
He did not look like the nerdy kind, so it was surprising, he even played DnD.
He invited me to play sometime.
I always wanted to, so I said yes, as long as we pass the test.
I gave him my number and- uhm.
Did I just get a date accidentally?
No no, playing games is not a date, we're friends now, that's all.
A strong looking bunny girl named Rose was excited to talk with me after telling her I'm going to fight first.
Against the Defender's Shard leader of all people, HER Leader.
Now that I think about it, she is one of the scouted people the Headmaster presented on the first day?
As I said, having social interactions was a breeze here, it was a good plan to pass the time.
After more than an hour I already made at least 6 new friends, or acquaintances.
And four hook-ups 'if I change my mind'.
But none of them had stripes or a snarky, mysterious personality, so no thanks.
Finally, Aiden comes back, right in time.
Merina appears, and just like Dallan the other day, announces the start of the practice double battles.
a"Ready, partner?"
y determined"Let's give them hell!"
a"That's the spirit."
The crowd is now way bigger than when we arrived, the arena is full again.
Aiden and me jump down, and see our friends on the other side doing the same.
m"On our left we have, [name], a first year and member of the Slayer's Shard."
m"Accompanied by the Shard's Vice Leader, Aiden."
The crowd started to cheer louder.
I want to think those are for me, but they're for the actual important person beside me.
m"And on my right we have none other than the Defender's Shard Leader, Dallan."
If the crowd was loud before, now it is going nuts.
m"And Tate, a first year from the Sorcery Shard."
Somehow, almost as many people were cheering for Tate as they were for Dallan.
He must be more popular than I gave him credit for.
m"The rules are simple."
m"Get your opponents to forfeit, leave the arena or pass out."
m"No lethal weapons or magic is allowed."
m"Each fight lasts a maximum of 10 minutes."
m"After that, the team with the most people still standing wins."
m"Or if the same number of people are up, it's a draw!"
m"And as a side announcement before we begin."
m"Today's practice will be overlooked by Headmaster Argus."
Aiden's face sours a tad.
And indeed, beside Merina appears a big lion figure, waving at the crowd.
Which was caught between curious murmurs and cheers.
He sits down next to Merina.
Me and Aiden nod to each other agreeing to ignore the most important man in the arena right now, and focus on the fight.
Without much of a warning, the starting bell rang.
Aiden instantly rushes Tate
It takes me a second catch up with the sudden action, but I give Aiden a speed boost.
I see Dallan move his eyes towards Tate, and I can not let him protect him.
So I start running as well.
I get between him and Tate.
d"So, you're going to be my opponent?"
y smug"That's right, why? Scared much?"
d"I mean this with love, [name], but I am more scared of a spider than of what a first year can do to me."
y determined"Don't underestimate spiders."
y"Or..."
y"First years."
d"Can we make an agreement at least?"
y"What would that be?"
d"Whoever gets the other one down, wins, and the latter must surrender."
y"Are you saying you don't want to hurt me?"
He just gives me a bright smile.
y"Alright, I agree."
In the meantime, Tate is probably having the scariest day of his life.
After Aiden starting running, Tate started to charge an attack similar to the one he used on the dummy.
Unfortunately for him, Aiden proceeded to go invisible.
His footsteps were still visible in the sand covered floor, but the cat was panicking too much to notice them.
He tries to teleport away, but an anti teleportation spell was cast upon him, obviously.
d"WHY DID YOU NOT BRING YOUR BROOM?!"
t"I FORGOT HE CAN DO THAT."
d"[name], please, let me go for one minute."
y determined"Ha, not a chance."
Tate starts to fire spells wildly around hoping to get a hit.
But it was too late, the tiger was already behind him, tapping his shoulder.
The cat's wide eyes met with his for a second before getting punched straight in the face.
His small, lithe body leaves the ground and flies at least 10 feet.
Smashing into the sand.
Tate falls on the ground and Aiden quickly immobilized him by gettin on top of him and holding his hand behind his back.
He holds Tate's legs using his own thighs.
a"I told you I'd get that punch later."
a"Now I'll go easy on ya, and let you give up."
t"No!"
a"No?"
a"You realize I can-"
t"You can what?"
t"Snap my bones?"
t"rip my claws off?"
t"With your daddy watching, I have no reason to fear you, plus, your spell is running out in less than one minute and I'll be on the other side of the arena."
a"Big words for someone so vulnerable."
a"But you're right, I won't hurt your body."
a"But I will hurt your ego."
t"W-what does that mean?"
a"20 more seconds."
a"Let's see those undies before you teleport away."
Aiden lets go of the cat's head and grabs his pants with both hands, pulling them down.
Everyone's eyes were on them, including me and Dallan.
We stop fighting and look at them both in shock.
There was a little problem, Aiden did not keep in mind.
He looks at Tate's bottom.
a"..."
a"Tate?"
t"..."
t"Yes?..."
a"Why the fuck..."
a"are you not wearing underwear?"
t"..."
t"I didn't get to put on any when Dallan jumped me in the morning."
The tiger stood up and let him go now embarrassed, the poor feline didn't even make an attempt to get his face off the ground.
a"Times up..."
t"I know..."
a"20 seconds passed..."
t"a-ha"
a"You can teleport away now..."
t"Yeah..."
a"So why aren't you?"
Aiden takes a closer look at his face
a"ARE YOU FUCKING SMILING?!"
t"What can I say, people aren't complaining, huehue."
Indeed, the crowd got over the shock fast, scattered whistles and cheers swaddled the arena as Tate moved his tail from side to side.
a"GROSS!"
a"GIVE UP ALREADY!"
t"You gotta fuck me for it big guy."
t"As you said, I am sooo vulnerable right now, exposed like that."
t"Oh, what a shame it would be to get-"
a"I give up."
t"Oh, are you forfeiting?"
a"No, something better."
Aiden picks Tate up by the collar, throwing him with all his might.
That being outside the arena's walls.
He took that opportunity to teleport away, but he was a bit too late, leaving the arena before doing so, granting Aiden half the victory.
In the meantime, I'm trying my hardest to approach Dallan.
un ang"Come on, all you need is a touch."
y angry"I know, but he's not letting me."
y"And if I lose focus, he'll pin me to the ground easily