.
h"Really now?"
h"Tell me more."
y smileworry"W-what do you want to know?"
h"Well, for starters, are you two sexually active?"
Wha-
y awkward"No no no!"
y"We're uhm, not at that stage yet."
h"'Yet'."
h"So you want to be at that stage."
y"M-maybe?"
y"I don't know."
h"Then make up your mind."
h"Opportunities are easily wasted."
h"Even now, wasting time here you could lose him forever to someone else."
y simple"You think so?"
h"Or he might be losing you, who knows?"
I'm too stunned to speak, is he right or not?
He knows Aiden the best, so just maybe...
h"So, say."
h"Be honest with me and yourself"
h"What stage are you at?"
y"We..."
y blush"We kissed."
h"Kissed you say?"
He gets up from his seat and approaches me.
He was a large man before, but when I'm sitting he's enormous.
Maaaaybe you should've kept that to yourself.
Ughh, where is Scribbles when you need to get scolded for being an idiot.
He gets behind me and whispers in my ear.
h"Is that all?"
y awkward"Y-yes, sir."
h"I suppose he doesn't have his father's boldness then."
h"That's unfortunate."
h"I guess there really is nothing 'strange' about him."
h"A little failure on my part."
y simple"What does that m-"
y shoked"hey wha-"
He picks me up, I feel my feet get lifted from the ground before my face is slamed on the table.
I'm being bent down over the desk, with a huge, strong lion leaning over me.
I feel my belt falling to the ground.
h"Oh I'll show you what I mean."
h"Boy."
My mind is flooding with the dirtiest and craziest of thoughts, is this normal?
menu fuckk:
I put all my strength into my arms and push myself up, making him stumble, almost fall.
y angry"What the hell do you think you're doing?"
I get my belt quickly from the floor, and go towards the door.
I've waited long enough, unsatisfied.
I'm not sure where the hell my relationship with Aiden is really going.
This might be scary, but I'm not that dumb.
I know where this is going and I'm letting it go there.
it is time someone took care of me.
He noticed how I relaxed and gave in, taking it as a green light.
It was too late to run away even if wanted to.
He rips off my pants and throws them away together with my tie and my shirt buttons.
Pushes me back on the table and spreads my legs open.
Not wasting a single second.
y worried"What if somebody comes in?"
He lets go for a second and reaches for room divider from the corner of the room.
He places it behind us and spreads it.
h"There, nobody will see us now."
If I wasn't nervous before, I sure as hell was now.
Especially after seeing his meaty cock.
Uncut, thick, not fully hard yet and leaking.
Resting between my cheeks.
For someone that has only ever used toys for practice, that was intimidating to say the least.
h"I hope you're ready."
y blush2"W-wait, just like that?"
y"No lube, no anything?"
h"I prefer to feel your pleasure naturally"
He moves his member and presses its tip in my entrace for a test.
As expected, it was futile.
My body was sliding backwards from the force, but no progress was made from him.
h"A tight one aren't you?"
y hurt2"I-it's my first time."
h"Oh, isn't that cute?"
h"I love breaking in the new ones."
h"In that case..."
He opened up his drawer getting a bottle of lube.
h"I'll make an exception, just this once."
Who has that in their office?
He lubed his fingers and used them to probe around my hole.
especially the outer ring, going in slow tantalizing circles.
He inserted two fingers in, stretching me out.
I can't help but let out a moan of pleasure.
He takes them out and rubs the remaining liquid on his cock.
That was all the prep I was going to get, because it was time for the second attempt.
and this time, it was successful.
My heart was racing and the adrenaline made the pain bearable.
He obviously knew what he was doing, he acted with total nonchalance.
One of his hands was holding my back bent and his weight alone did the rest of the job.
He started moving his hips slowly at first, picking up the speed after only a couple of thrusts.
His cock would only go about half way through, but it was clear he wanted to change that.
Each hip movement slightly rougher.
I was looking into his hungry eyes that were fixated on my ass.
His combed, neat mane now a little more messy, with bits and pieces of fur going wild, and we only just started.
His upper body was barely moving, almost standing still, concentrated, the same did his feet.
While his hips and belly were flowing back and forth like the waves of an ocean.
I could feel it stretching me from the inside, pressing on my spots making me tingle.
After a while the movement became faster, deeper with less length coming out.
He managed to go balls deep without me realizing.
That was an expert in action.
Knowing at that point there is no more pain to come, only pleasure, I relax my whole body out of relief.
Throw my head back and breathe steadily with the casual but necessary moans here and there.
I don't know how much a person should last in bed.
Or... on a table.
But he was going for a while.
It's not a complaint, after all, isn't finishing before your top a bottom's dream?
Well, that was not going to happen in this case, as it seems like we are both very close.
His muscles start contracting and his thrusts became hard, almost violent.
Then, almost without warning, in a final push, I can feel hot seed spilling deep inside me.
My first time was...
With my boyfriend's father?
No no, he's not my boyfriend yet.
Or.. ever?
My thoughts were interrupted by an intense orgasm.
After he filled me, he started moving again, rubbing my insides and making me shoot my load all over my fur.
He slowly pulled his cock out leaving it rest the same way as before we started.
Except that this time, it was full of thick, dripping cum.
Only then did I realize how sore the whole interaction made me.
In spite of the release I felt when that thing got out, I still felt the pressure.
Probably from the huge load I had inside.
He lets go of me.
My legs hit the floor and the cum starts to leak ouside.
The Headmaster takes out a box of napkins and cleans himself.
Then pushes it towards me.
I take a handful and I start worrying that the whole box might not be enough
I clean my fur, my ass and some of the mess that got on the table.
But the floor was going to have to stay like that for the time being.
The Headmaster takes out a cigar and lights it while dressing himself back up.
I button up my shirt and fix my tie but..
Wait.
y worried"Uhm, mister Argus?"
y"I believe my pants were a little..."
y"Ripped?"
h"Ah yes, I did get carried away a little, didn't I?"
h"Don't worry, I mended them back up with magic as soon as you were naked."
h"They're right here."
He hands them to me, and indeed, as good as new.
I start putting them on when...
A knock on the door.
I-it's fine, right?
People come here with invitation only on strict business.
So there is no way they would just barge-
a"I'm coming in."
Son of a-
I start dressing faster behind the divider, as the Headmaster greets Aiden.
h"And the delivery boy makes an appereance."
a"Hello to you too."
a"Here are your files."
He shoves a small stack of papers in the Headmaster's hands.
h"Easy there, nobody likes wrinkled paper."
h"And did nobody teach you how to knock?"
Aiden just scoffs and turns towards the door ready to walk out.
h"Aren't you forgetting something?"
Aiden turns back and looks around the room.
a"..."
a"[name]?"
y"You maned bastard..."

--- CHOICES ---
→ what the fuck do I do now?
→ Show yourself.
→ My pants are up, and I told him I'd be here, so there is no reason to lie to him.
→ He opens the door and walks out.
→ HOW CAN I BE SO STUPID?!
→ SCRIBBLES!
→ WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME.
→ Scribbles?
→ Of course...
→ He's too busy watching sitcoms...
→ I put my shoes back on and walk outside with shame.
→ The Headmaster looks amused as I walk out, waving goodbye.
→ Stay hidden.
→ I have no excuse for hiding, so why show myself?
→ He opens the door and walks out.
→ I put the rest of my clothes on and show myself.
→ And so, I wait a minute or two for Aiden to be farther away, then walk outside as well.
→ He told me to come by his dorm after...
→ Does he still want me to come, I wonder?
→ Doubt it...
→ He gets up from his seat and approaches me.
→ He was a large man before, but when I'm sitting he's enormous.
→ He gets behind me and whispers in my ear.
→ In the next seconds I feel my feet leave the ground and my backside touch the tough wood texture of the table.
→ His hand grab the scruff of my neck and the other my jaw.
→ Then his tongue enters my maw.
→ Unexpectedly.
→ It was not at all gentle, like how I thought my first ever kiss would be.
→ my own tongue was shunned in the back of my throat.
→ Big paws were clutching my cheeks keeping my mouth open.
→ Surprises keep jumping my way at this academy, is what's happening right now normal?
→ Stop him.
→ I slap his hand away then push him off me.
→ I wipe my maw with my sleeve and get down from the desk, ready to leave.
→ Give in.
→ Intoxicated by the taste of another man's lips and the scent of cigar I give in to my desires.
→ Taking my relaxed reaction as an invitation, he presses his weight on top of me, as I lay with my back on the desk.
→ He loosens my tie, unbuttons my shirt and kisses my neck while I moan with pleasure.
→ This is a man with experience.
→ Argus sits back on his chair.
→ I got up surprised and disappointed thinking that was it.
→ then I see him unzip his pants.
→ Gesturing for me to kneel.
→ He's ready for the next phase.
→ but am I?

--- CHOICES ---
→ Continue.
→ Fuck it.
→ I got this far, might as well continue.
→ I approach him slowly as he keeps eye contact, smiling in a smug way.
→ I sure do.
→ As I stand there, looking at his cock, I realize how much trouble I got myself into.
→ I've never sucked anyone before.
→ I know what to do from movies and such, but experience with a real man?
→ Zero.
→ But all I really have to do is hope that my throat can fit the whole thing.
→ As it looks like he wants to make the first move.
→ He slips the head of his member between my lips, smudging them with a painting motion before doing so.
→ I then open wide to take him all in.
→ Even though my eyes were seeing it and my body was feeling it, my brain still couldn't believe it.
→ I feel him almost buckle at the sensation, and he sets his hands on the chair's armrests to steady himself.
→ I reach and grab his thighs, it was either that or keep my hands on the floor.
→ But I need higher support if I want to not choke to death.
→ there's not much else I can do, I am trapped there, but I am so not complaining...
→ Each stroke takes him deeper down my throat, and all I can do is relax and take it.
→ His cock fills my mouth and throat, making my eyes water.
→ So far so good.
→ Nothing I didn't expect.
→ And not to be egotistical, but I believe I'm doing pretty well.
→ His face certainly says he's not disappointed at the very least.
→ After pressing my face down on his cock, he retreated his hands and left the work to me.
→ I'm not complaining, I'd do way more than that for a chance like this.
→ I move my head up and down on his crotch.
→ With every thrust I look up at him.
→ People usually say to not try to impress your partner.
→ But that's exactly what I want to do.
→ I want his approval.
→ But he keeps silent and enjoys his prize.
→ Whether it was because of his higher authority, or just my horny mind going wild.
→ In my moments of bliss I almost missed the signs he's getting close.
→ His hands were gripping the chair harder just a second before.
→ His thigh muscles are contracting and he now moves his hips in rhythm with my movement.
→ As my first ever blowjob, I decide to make him finish in my mouth.
→ Who knows when the next time I get to do this will be.
→ I can't waste a drop.
→ Eventually, Argus reaches climax, closing his eyes as I deepthroat his cock.
→ I can feel liquid spilling down my throat.
→ I was not expecting the immense heat it was packing.
→ Or the sheer amount of seed I was going to have to swallow, for that matter.
→ Needless to say, I underestimated that number.
→ I notice that the flow keeps going, with no hint of stopping.
→ So I slide the slippery thing out, while keeping the tip still between my lips.
→ as the rest of his cum spills both inside and on the outside.
→ Unable to contain it all with my trembling lips, or swallow with my full stomach.
→ We made a mess of the floor, his pants and even my shirt.
→ Thankfully it's a white dress shirt.
→ I stay silent as he hands me some napkins.
→ Leave.
--- END CHOICES ---

He pushes me towards the door.
Not a lot of force is needed from such a big man to move my small body.
So I can do nothing to protest.
h"There is just something so thrilling about getting to fuck that boy's partners before he grows the balls to do it himself."
h"You know?"
What the fuck?
No I don't know.
As we get closer we hear a knock.
a"I'm coming in."
The Headmaster lets go of me before Aiden opens the door.
h"And the delivery boy makes an appereance."
a"Hello to you too."
a"Here are your files."
He shoves a small stack of papers in the Headmaster's hands.
h"Easy there, nobody likes wrinkled paper"
Aiden just scoffs and turns towards the door ready to walk out.
h"Aren't you forgetting something?"
Aiden turns back and looks around the room.
h"Or someone?"
They both look at me.
a"..."
a"No."
a"I don't think I did."
y simple"He.. he left."
h"Ouch."
h"it seems like there are some problems in paradise."
h"But it's fine, right?"
h"You said it yourself, you were not together or anything."
y sad"Yeah..."
y"Of course."
h"Shame, he would've loved how you feel inside."
h"Well."
h"Have a good evening."
He continues his process of getting me out, and closes the door behind me.
As I start to approach the door, the Headmaster grabs my arm firmly, then pulls me towards him.
h"Where do you think you're going?"
y angry"I came here to find out information, not be your sex toy."
h"Information comes with a price boy."
h"And remember what I told you when we met?"
h"What happens in this office..."
h"Stays in this office."
h"And I'm not going to be left unsatisfied."
h"Do you understand?"
I can see from the intensity in his glare that he's not messing around.
His words are...
Reminding me of something...
Oh yeah, my little incident in high school.
Huh, to think just because you're big and strong you can take advantage of me.
That makes me angry.
That makes me...
Want to explode.
I can feel energy enter my body.
A lot of it.
the more it pours in, the more it wants to get out.
If he keeps his dirty hands on me a minute longer I'll-
suddenly, someone knocks at the door.
a"I'm coming in."
The Headmaster lets go of me before Aiden opens the door.
The energy slowly goes out, without a sound and disappears.
h"I thought I told you to wait for permission before coming in."
a"Then permit me faster next time."
a"here"
a"The final report of the new members."
a"I'll be going before the smoke in here gives me lung cancer."
a"[name], you coming?"
y smileworry"Right behind y-"
The Headmaster blocks my way.
He is smouldering with rage that Aiden brushes off.
h"We still have things to talk about, Mr. [name2]."
a"He said he's coming with me, father."
The two stare at each other for a moment.
The Headmaster grunts and let's his arm down, letting me pass.
He turns around and gets back to his desk.
h"Get out then."
a"He..."
a"Didn't bother you much, did he?"
a"cause if he did I'll-"
y smileworry"No, no it's fine."
y"But your appearance was on time, to say the least."
Aiden looks lost in thought, but at least not angry.
We walk silently side by side towards the dorm rooms.
a"So?"
a"Found anything useful?"
y simple"No..."
a"Let me guess, 'information has a price'."
y awkward"Something like that."
a"I knew it would be a waste of time."
y sad"I should've listened to you."
a"Nah."
a"You should almost never listen to me."
a"I am rarely right"
We get to Aiden's floor and I say goodbye for now.
a"Hmm?"
a"Where are you going?"
a"My room is this way."
y shoked"What?"
y"But I-"
a"No buts, you're sleeping with me."
a"No guest room this time."
a"I think it's about time, don't you think?"
a"To stop beating around the bush?"
y blush"No, I-I mean yes! I mean I have nothing against it."
y"But I do need to get my stuff real quick"
Aiden reaches into his dimensional pocket and takes out my luggage and backpack.
a"I've been into your room before, so don't be too surprised."
a"And not to be judgemental, but you'll feel more comfortable in my dorm."
a"Your shower didn't even have a head."
y simple"You've been in my bathroom?"
a"Let's just go."
We have dinner, I take a shower and contemplate all the things that happened today.
We shut the lights and walk into his bedroom.
The air smelled fresh and cool.
The sheets were soft and neat.
I snuggle up beside Aiden in bed, red as a tomato.
We're both in our underwear.
but cuddles are the most we'll get out of each other tonight, because tomorrow, the big day starts.
As much as I'd want to get this 'party' going
We both need sleep more than a good time.
Even so, I can't fall asleep, not because of stress or butterflies in my stomach.
A question was resting in the back of my mind.
As we lay there in bed, with our eyes closed, I ask.
y simple"Aiden?"
a"Yes?"
y"Why do you sometimes act so..."
y"different?"
y"Is everything alright?"
a"Huh."
a"I thought you'd never ask."
a"I tried to tell you before."
y"You did?"
a"Yes, but you didn't want to listen."
y"I'm listening now."
a"Before I answer, I'll ask something too."
a"Why do you want to know?"
y"I don't want."
y"I need to know."
y"because I'm worrying for you."
y"And believe it or not, others do too."
a"..."
a"I'm using a forbidden technique, illegal even."
y"Which is?"
a"Hey."
a"Come in for a sec, would you?"
The bedroom door opens and somebody comes in.
I turn around.
I come face to face with Aiden.
a"Sup?"
y simple"Sooo..."
y"You have a twin."
a"Not really..."
a"He's made with a spell."
a"My illussion affinity is why my stepfather adopted me in the first place."
a"He trained me since I was seven to develop an advanced cloning technique."
a"One that would allow me to create a physical copy of myself, that shares all my qualities."
a"Needless to say I was succesful in the end, but he doesn't know that."
a"I believe he even gave up on his attempts."
a"But his sudden appearance as Headmaster worries me."
a"Us."
a"It worries us."
a"We are the same, except that the one on your left has anger issues."
a"And the one in front of you has horny issues."
a"Only if we're far apart for too long."
y"That explains the mood swings, sexual harassment complaints and that decapitation attempt."
a"Huh, how do you know that?"
y"As I said, other people care about you too, so I got help."
a"Should I be mad or proud?"
y awkward"Let's go with proud."
y simple"Wait, if there's two, then with whom have I been hanging out the past three days?"
a"Both of us."
a"Well you met me first."
Said the naked one.
a"Because we were far apart for too long, I got very angry."
a"Mostly because I was looking at Tate snoring in front of me the whole time."
a"But I couldn't kill him with so many witnesses."
a"I tried to hide, but you found me and well.."
a"You remember the punch."
y bored"Course I do."
The dressed one is talking now.
a"And I fought with you in the arena."
y smug"That explains what you did to Tate."
a"Yeaaah..."
a"Let's not talk about that."
y"And uhm.."
y blush"Who was the one singing?"
a"That was both of us."
a"We can be as one, but it's more beneficial if we're not."
y shoked"Because you get twice the amout of time."
a"Exactly."
a"It lets us do our work, study and spend time with a cute guy all at the same time."
y blush"Huh, then I'm glad you're so talented."
a"Well..."
a"Now that you know the truth, I suppose you'll want us to merge."
a"It's a little... weird looking, so Aiden, let's do it in the bathroom."
a"Right behind you."
y shoked"Wait!"
y happy1"Actually."
y"If you don't mind, I have an idea."
That night, I fell alseep being hugged from both sides.
My face was buried in Aiden's chest fluff.
While my back was warm and covered by Aiden's fur.
It was the softest, most comfortable position I've ever been in.
And fell asleep in minutes.
But not without complications along the way.
a"Hey ermm."
a"This is horny Aiden speaking."
a"Angry Aiden, do you think I could be his big spoon for just a little-"
a"Not a chance."
a"Keep it in your pants or there will be only one Aiden by morning."
a"And I don't mean merging."
a"G-gotcha."
Heh.
Somehow, I wanted to agree with both of them.
Sleep sounds nice.
But a bit of lovin' would've been accepted too.
The next morning I wake up well rested.
We get to the academy square where the Headmaster is going to start the announcement by telling us the exact rules.
Or that's what we expected, instead, we each get an envelope that we are supposed to open when the test officially begins.
After the announcement each person gets teleported one by one.
I just got to meet up with Tate, Dallan and Aiden one last time, before each were teleported as well.
Then comes my turn.
I am teleported inside a forest, surrounded by trees.
Trees five times as tall as the ones around the academy.
So I must be very far away.
On the sky I see a countdown.
5
4
3
2
1
And the test begins...
t"Hey!"
t"Hi!"
t"You!"
t"Yes you!"
t"This is the end of the demo"
t"And would you look at that, you got the best ending"
t"Scored the guy, made his father mad"
t"Just incredible"
t"So"
t"What did you think?"
t"Whatever your response might be"
t"You got this far, didn't you?"
t"So there must be SOMETHING done right"
t"Thank you for playing"
t"And special thanks to Dallan, Merina..."
t"..."
t"Chelsie?"
t"Uhm..."
t"the tiger dude"
t"Ughh"
t"Who else?"
t"The creepy guy with the blue earring?"
t"The murderous, cursed, apathetic, small leader of the Slayer's Shard"
t"And..."
t"Oh yeah"
t"That little voice inside your head"
t"And last but not least"
t"Me!"
t"Now you might be wondering"
t"'Hey Tate, when do I get to kiss YOU?"
t"Or"
t"When will Chapter two come out?"
t"That completely depends on the feedback and support of the players"
t"If you enjoyed your time at the academy so far"
t"Consider supporting the game on Patreon"
t"But the artist will focus on finishing the main paths of the first chapter, before continuing"
t"That's all for now folks"
t"Have a nice day"
t"And don't let any Nightfallen get you!"
t"Unless you're into that"
t"Cya"
t"Tartarus out!"
As I walk the hallway, depressed and in thought.
I come face to face with Aiden...
He was waiting around the corner.
I am not surprised.
I'm glad even.
I look at him for a second, he keeps his gaze forward with his usual armed crossed tough guy position against the wall.
We start walking silently side by side towards the dorm rooms.
a"So?"
a"Found anything useful?"
y sad"No..."
a"Let me guess, 'information has a price'."
y"Something like that."
a"and you paid that price for nothing."
y"I..."
y"I did."
y sad"I should've listened to you."
a"No, it was a good idea."
a"You just had to fuck it up."
That was a hint of anger in his voice, I can't blame him.
a"Did he force you to do it?"
y"..."
y"No."
a"I see."
a"..."
We arrive at his floor and I continue walking the stairs to mine.
Not a single goodbye, or good luck.
He was right, I fucked it up.
I fucked everything up...
I get into my room and crash on the bed.
No dinner for me tonight...
And I deserve to smell like a man's cum for what I did, so no shower either.
just... sleep.
What can you do?
You make wrong choices sometimes.
It's not like I have a guardian angel on my shoulder.
I have a demon on my soul.
And what good does that bring?
My comment did not faze him, or trigger a response.
Just where the hell are you, Scribbles?
I close my eyes
I'm not tired, but I just need tomorrow to come faster...
The next morning I wake up more tired than I was before.
I get to the academy square  alone, where the Headmaster is going to start the announcement by telling us the exact rules.
Or that's what we expected, instead, we each get an envelope that we are supposed to open when the test officially begins.
The sight of him makes my heart flutter, but my mind is filled with rage.
The test is now way less important...
After the announcement each person gets teleported one by one.
I am teleported inside a forest, surrounded by trees.
Trees five times as tall as the ones around the academy.
So I must be very far away.
On the sky I see a countdown.
5
4
3
2
1
And the test begins...
t"Hey!"
t"Hi!"
t"You!"
t"Yes you!"
t"This is the end of Chapter 1, at least for Aiden's route."
t"What did you think?"
t"Oof."
t"Man."
t"It looks like you got the worst ending, or the only bad one really."
t"Don't fret, you can just... uhm."
t"Play again I suppose?"
t"What do you say?"
t"Whatever your response might be."
t"You got to the end, didn't you?"
t"So there must be SOMETHING done right."
t"Thank you for playing."
t"And special thanks to Dallan, Merina..."
t"..."
t"Chelsie?"
t"Uhm..."
t"The tiger dude."
t"His lion uncle, or father or whatever."
t"Ughh."
t"Who else?"
t"The creepy guy with the blue earring?"
t"The murderous, cursed, apathetic, small leader of the Slayer's Shard."
t"And..."
t"Oh yeah."
t"That little voice inside your head."
t"And last but not least."
t"Me!"
t"Now you might be wondering"
t"'Hey Tate, when do I get to kiss YOU?"
t"Or"
t"When will Chapter 2 come out?"
t"That completely depends on the feedback and support of the players"
t"If you enjoyed your time at the academy so far"
t"Consider supporting the game on Patreon"
t"But the artist will focus on finishing the main paths of the first chapter, before continuing"
t"That's all for now folks"
t"Have a nice day"
t"And don't let any Nightfallen get you!"
t"Unless you're into that"
t"Cya"
t"Tartarus out!"
We get to Aiden's floor and I say goodbye for now.
a"Hmm?"
a"Where are you going?"
a"My room is this way."
y shoked"What?"
y"But I-"
a"No buts, you're sleeping with me."
a"No guest room this time."
a"I think it's about time, don't you think?"
a"To stop beating around the bush?"
y blush"No, I-I mean yes! I mean I have nothing against it."
y"But I do need to get my stuff real quick."
Aiden reaches into his dimensional pocket and takes out my luggage and backpack.
a"I've been into your room bofore, so don't be too surprised."
a"And not to be judgemental, but you'll feel more comfortable in my dorm."
y sad"What about..."
y"What I did with your-"
a"Shut up."
a"Just shut up."
a"Remember what you said to me on the beach?"
a"Or what you started to say before I quieted you down?"
y"That... you're perfect?"
a"That you like me with all my flaws, yes."
a"I did so many bad things and still, we got where we got."
a"So I won't judge you for what you did in there."
a"I'm ready to forgive and forget."
a"Obviously as long as it doesn't happen again."
y cry"Of course!"
y"Never, never again."
y"I promise."
a"Good."
a"Then let's go."
We have dinner, I take a shower and contemplate all the things that happened today.
We turn off the lights.
We go into his bedroom.
I snuggle up beside Aiden in bed, red as a tomato.
I did not deserve this, but here I was.
Cuddles are the most we'll both get out of each other tonight, because tomorrow, the big day starts.
As much as I'd want to get this 'party' going.
We both need sleep more than a good time.
Even so, I can't fall asleep, not because of stress or butterflies in my stomach.
A question was resting in the back of my mind.
As we lay there in bed, with our eyes closed, I ask.
y simple"Aiden?"
a"Yes?"
y"Why do you sometimes act so..."
y"different?"
y"Is everything alright?"
a"Huh."
a"I thought you'd never ask."
a"I tried to tell you before."
y"You did?"
a"Yes, but you didn't want to listen."
y"I'm listening now."
a"Before I answer, I'll ask something too."
a"Why do you want to know?"
y"I don't want."
y"I need to know."
y"because I'm worrying for you."
y"And believe it or not, others do too."
a"..."
a"I suppose an explanation would not hurt anybody."
a"I'm using a forbidden technique, illigal even."
y"Which is?"
a"Hey."
a"Come in for a sec would you?"
The bedroom door opens and somebody comes in.
I turn around.
I come face to face with Aiden.
a"Sup?"
y pf"Sooo..."
y"You have a twin."
a"Not really..."
a"He's made with a spell."
a"My illussion affinity is why my stepfather adopted me in the first place."
a"He trained me since I was seven to develop an advanced cloning technique."
a"One that would allow me to create a physical copy of myself, that shares all my qualities."
a"Needless to say I was succesful in the end, but he doesn't know that."
a"I believe he even gave up on his attempts."
a"But his sudden appearance as Headmaster worries me."
a"Us."
a"It worries us."
a"We are the same, except that the one on your left has anger issues."
a"And the one on your right of you has horny issues."
a"Only if we're far apart for too long."
y"That explains the mood swings, sexual harassment complaints and that decapitation attempt."
a"Huh, how do you know that?"
y"As I said, other people care about you too, so I got help."
a"Should I be mad or proud?"
y awkward"Let's go with proud."
y simple"Wait, if there's two, then with whom have I been hanging out the past three days?"
a"Both of us."
a"Well you met me first."
Said the naked one.
a"Because we were far apart for too long, I got very angry."
a"I tried to hide, but you found me and well.."
a"You remember the punch."
y bored"Course I do."
The dressed one was talking now.
a"And I fought with you in the arena."
y smug"That explains what you did to Tate."
a"Yeaaah..."
a"Let's not talk about that."
y"And uhm.."
y blush"Who was the one singing?"
a"That was both of us."
a"We can be as one, but it's more beneficial if we're not."
y shoked"Because you get twice the amout of time."
a"Exactly."
a"It lets us do our work, study and spend time with a cute guy all at the same time."
y blush"Huh, then I'm glad you're so talented."
a"Well..."
a"Now that you know the truth, I suppose you'll want us to merge."
a"It's a little... weird looking, so Aiden, let's do it in the bathroom."
a"Right behind you Aiden."
y shoked"Wait!"
y"I don't find it weird at all."
y happy1"Actually."
y"If you don't mind, I have an idea."
That night, I fell alseep being hugged from both sides.
My face was buried in Aiden's chest fluff.
While my back was warm and covered by Aiden's fur.
It was the softest, most comfortable position I've ever been in.
And fell asleep in seconds