.
ch "Shroud, turn on the jazz."
A romantic, maybe even erotic song plays.
Chelsie comes closer as I sit on the table.
She roughly spreads my legs and gets in between them, leaning close to my face.
ch "Our clothes are still on."
ch "That is a mistake."
She grabs my tie and takes it off.
She starts to unbutton my shirt, then hints at me to make a move as well.
y simple"Oh, right."
y pf"Uhm, let's see…"
I take off her goggles first, as they looked the easiest to remove.
Then I tug on her belts.
The ones near her chest seem to be sewed in, so I give up on those.
I move to her cape-like accessory but I quickly realize it is connected to some straps.
At this point my shirt is gone, and my belt is off too.
ch "Are you ok?"
ch "I'm still very much fully clothed over here."
y "Sorry, I'm not really sure how to…"
I move to her sleeves, which are actually connected in the back like a very short crop top.
Unfortunately, those have more belts to go through, as well as the cape standing in the way.
She sighs.
ch "Shroud?"
ch "Can you help us out?"
He comes around excited and starts to unbuckle her belts.
Slowly taking off everything, only a bra and underwear remained.
ch "See?"
ch "Easy."
y bored"Cheater."
y "You did this to more people than me."
Chelsie steps away and Shroud takes her place.
Kneeling down and taking off my shoes, then pants.
But he doesn't stop there.
y shoked"Woah, woah, already?"
ch "He's just curious."
ch "He's only seen other males in pictures."
y worried"A-alright."
As my underwear leaves my feet.
A now completely naked Chelsie pushes me down on the table and-
ch "I'm glad you decided to join."
ch "I imagined being on top of you like this many times already."
ch "And it seems like you're not so shy after all."
ch "You are bigger than I expected."
Of course, who wouldn't get hard when a beautiful woman is standing, naked, right on top of their dick.
As a hot, sexy male body stands right behind me, able to do whatever he wants.
My legs are now being hung in the air, held by Shroud.
Chelsie takes my hands in hers, as she rubs her vagina on my length.
The motion was hot, in more ways than one.
But in this position, I was left almost unintentionally paralyzed.
y "Hey, sorry, how am I supposed to contribute?"
y "I can't really move."
ch "Move?"
ch "Why would you need to move?"
She leans on my chest, her lips close to my ears.
They flop about as she whispers.
ch "We'll take good care of you, so don't you worry about a thing."
She positions back up, and strokes my penis.
Not a necessary move, as I can't get any harder anyway.
y smug"A-and what about you, Shroud?"
y "I'm assuming we'll team up on her, right?"
He doesn't say a thing, and has no eyes to read, or mouth.
But as his head turns to me, I swear I can see a mischievous grin and half closed eyes.
Saying 'Oh, you'll see.'
Which makes me believe I will be the main course for both of them.
ch "Here I go."
ch "Ah~"
y "uhmm."
ch "T-this is harder than I thought."
She manages to pop the head in, and slowly make her descent to the base.
The sheer heat and softness all around makes moans escape my lips.
ch "You're a loud one, aren't you?"
ch "You see?"
ch "I like them big, and Shroud doesn't have a voice."
ch "So it's usually pretty quiet."
ch "You're a nice change of pace."
ch "Make some more noise for mama."
She quickens her pace, and signals Shroud to start as well.
I can barely keep my eyes open, but the view in front of me is too good to pass.
The next moment, something big is pressing up against my tail hole.
y hurt2"Hey hey, I didn't see no lube bott-Aagh Ahh~"
y hurt3"Ohh.."
y "That went in easier than expected."
ch "He has his own special lubricant."
ch "Did I forget to mention?"
y hurt2"Yeah, kinda."
The stimulants I get from being ridden and penetrated in such a lustful way makes Chelsie's wish of a loud partner very true.
y "Yes, yes... uh ungh ungh uh uh uh AhH.…"
ch "YES!"
ch "Sing for me, my angel of music."
y "T-this is… ah, not… not the Agh, fuck, the time for pop culture Hmff… references."
Shroud's cock is much softer than a regular one or any toy I've ever used.
It's slimy and flexible, but the girth and length are astounding.
Thankfully, because of the softness, I am not getting as stretched as I should be, but my insides get filled to the brim.
Which makes this experience keep all the positive aspects of anal, and gets rid of most of the bad ones.
ch "So, how do you find getting fucked by a Nightfallen?"
y hurt3"It's… it's a-amm.. ahma…"
ch "Dick so good it makes your brain go numb, huh?"
ch "I've been there."
My hands clench around hers as only unintelligiblesounds escape my mouth.
Shroud rests his head on Chelsie's bare shoulder as they start to move in unison.
And instead of speeding up as I'm getting close, they start to move with more precision.
As well as thrusting harder in just the right spots, sending jolts of pleasure through me.
y hurt2"I-I'm gonna…"
ch "Shh."
ch "I know."
y "Inside?"
ch "Always."
Worries do not have room in my mind when I'm getting my hole filled and my dick hugged like this.
The next few moments were bliss.
I barely even realized my orgasm came right as a hard shove from Shroud came around.
Chelsie's thighs slam down and remain there.
ch "mmhm."
ch "S-So, warm."
Thick liquid came spilling inside my ass as well.
Shroud keeps pumping in his seed for dozens of seconds after I am finished.
Chelsie lets go of my now sweaty hands, lifts herself up and takes my softening dick out with a slight pop.
My own cum running out on my stomach.
The two of us just stood there, panting.
Shroud finally had the courtesy to pull out as well.
y hurt2"Ahh."
ch "Careful there, buddy, you've been wrecking his ass with no mercy for minutes."
ch "You should let him breathe for a minute before jerking it out."
y awkward"I-I'm ok."
ch "What did you think?"
y smug"Well, it was shocking for sure."
y "But I loved it."
y "Honestly you two are so good at this."
y ec"I feel like I should pay you, haha."
ch "Pay?"
ch "With, like, money?"
ch "Actually, this was all a setup, you have to pay."
ch "And it will cost everything you have in your wallet."
She gets a smack in the back of the head from Shroud, along with an unseen, disappointed look.
ch "Alright, no money I guess."
y smug"I feel like you were trying to rob me just now."
ch "What, me?"
ch "Nah."
ch "In all seriousness, I had a good time too."
ch "What did you think about your first time with a male, Shroud?"
Shroud nods vigorously.
ch "He liked it."
y s"I'm glad I could satisfy him."
y simple"I'm not bleeding, am I?"
ch "Come on, he wasn't THAT rough."
y bored"You sure?"
y simple"What about you?"
y "Did you… uhm, cum?"
ch "Twice."
ch "It was great."
ch "But even if I didn't, it's not like I could blame you."
ch "We did make you just stand there with your dick and ass out, doing nothing."
She takes some tissues Shroud brought, and cleans both me and herself.
y simpleblush"What about me?"
y "I mean, I came inside you."
y "Also, how do nightfallen breed again?"
ch "Stop worrying so much."
ch "I'm not as reckless as I might seem."
ch "I sent some people to the hospital, sure."
ch "But I would never accidentally get pregnant."
ch "If I didn't have some plans B, C, D or X, I wouldn't fuck without a condom."
y simple"What are C, D and X?"
ch "You're a guy, don't waste brain space with trivial lady secrets."
y "What about the Nightfallen thing?"
y "How does Shroud mate?"
ch "There, you're all clean."
ch "Let me throw these away and get a mop."
y angry"Chelsie!"
ch "Do you want a blowjob by any chance?"
y "Stop avoiding the goddamn question, you're scaring me!"
Shroud comes around to deliver another smack to the raccoon's head.
ch "Ok, ok, sorry."
ch "I'm just joking."
ch "Getting pregnant from a Nightfallen is almost impossible."
ch "And for men, there are only a couple of species that can do that, and Shroud's not one of them."
y simple"Thank you, it wasn't that hard to say all that, was it?"
ch "But it wasn't as fun."
Me and Chelsie get dressed as Shroud mops the floor.
ch "By the way, good news."
ch "You're fired."
y "Huh, why?"
ch "I found another assistant."
ch "Shroud!"
He waves at me delighted.
y smug"Ah, well, I can't be mad at him."
ch "It's fine."
ch "That doesn't mean you're not allowed to see me."
ch "How's your thing with Dallan going?"
ch "Doing progress?"
y simple"How did you know I haven't given up on him?"
ch "You were a little too excited as Shroud was fucking you."
ch "And there is no better man than Dallan."
ch "So I'm connecting the dots."
y sad"Sorry…"
ch "Don't be."
ch "I'm not proud cucking him like this, but he'll understand."
ch "Which is honestly something about him I don't really agree with."
ch "He doesn't really believe in sex."
y simple "What?"
y "Doesn't believe in it?"
ch "Well, he does, but he thinks sex is meaningless outside of a relationship, so he wouldn't even be bothered by what we did here."
ch "It makes sense in a way, we need to sometime do it with Nightfallen purely for our own benefit, so translating that mindset to people is understandable."
y "I think I get it."
ch "I'm warning you now that I'm still not keeping this a secret from him."
ch "But as I said, you don't have to worry about jelousy, unless there's something more between us, hehe."
y smileworry "haha..."
ch "And you shouldn't either, don't take advantage of his kindness, if you want to go forward."
ch "Anyway, back to the question, is it going or is it not?"
y smileworry"It's actually going pretty decent."
y "I'm going to fight with him as a partner in the arena today."
ch "Nice!"
ch "Proud of you, champ."
y ec"Heh, thanks."
y "Erm, what now?"
ch "Let's see, you could spend the night."
y simple"It's barely noon."
ch "WHAT?!"
ch "It's almost noon and I'm not even tipsy?"
ch "Oh well, the sex was good enough that I feel drunk."
ch "You're free to go."
ch "Hmm..."
ch "Actually..."
ch "We still have some time before the fights."
y smug"Round two?"
ch "No."
y simple"oh."
ch "I was thinking that maybe, with your unique powers, you might be able to help me out with a little invention."
ch "I might've mentioned my failed teleportation device before."
y simple"The one that sent Monty to the hospital?"
ch "The very same!"
y bored"I think I'll pass."
ch "Wait wait wait!"
ch "I promise it will be much safer this time!"
ch "I adjusted the coordinates so that the portal doesn't appear in dangerous places!"
ch "Plus, you can just shove your head in there, and if it isn't safe, you just come back."
y "Are you saying I ALSO have to be the one testing it?"
ch "That's... kinda the main reason I want your help."
y pf "Hmmm..."
un tease"Come ooon, do it."
Why?
To risk being decapitated?
un bored"It won't come to that, I'll protect you if anything bad happens."
How come you're not against it?
un simple"To be honest, a portal created by a mortal?"
un "I always wanted to see how they work."
y bored"Fine, I'll help, what do I have to do?"
ch "Great!"
She takes my hand and guides me towards a small, rusty device, about half my height.
ch "This is it."
y simple"It looks very old, when did you say you made this?"
ch "A couple of months ago."
y "Why is it so rusty?"
ch "Because rusty metal is cheaper than regular metal, duh."
y "Also less safe."
ch "Shush."
ch "Now, what I need you to do, is to infuse that gem up with energy, do you think you can manage that?"
y "I think so."
I reach for the stone and focus my abilities, making it slowly glow brighter.
ch "Neat!"
ch "I knew you could do it!"
y ec"Glad I could help."
y simple"Although... what did I do exactly?"
ch "Why you recharged the gem, isn't that obvious?"
y "Yeah, I got that, but was that the only reason the device 'wasn't working'?"
ch "Yep."
y "..."
y "Why didn't you just buy another one?"
ch "You know how much a gem of this size costs?!"
ch "I can drink for a month with that kind of cash."
ch "And recharging it professionally isn't much cheaper either."
y pf"My sister wanted to use me as a battery as well..."
ch "But you're not done yet."
ch "You have to test it too."
y worried"Why me?"
y "Can't you do it?"
y "Or Shroud?"
ch "I can't make Shroud do it, he still has a full life ahead of him!"
AND I DON'T?!
Hold your tongue, [name], it's not worth it.
ch "And obviously I can't do it, becaaaaaause... if it goes wrong, who will be left to make it right, you know?"
y pf"You keep implying this is going to turn incredibly gruesome..."
ch "Relaaax."
ch "I have everything under control, I'm always more cautious with people I like."
She winks.
y bored"Fine... let's get this over with, I agreed already anyway, can't back out now."
ch "Yey!"
ch "I'll just input some coordinates for a random classroom in the academy."
As she plays around on the little screen of the device, I can't help but feel proud of her.
Designing portal that even someone as stingy with money as her can create, that's impressive.
ch "There!"
Indeed, a small, black gateway appears inside the device, big enough to craw into.
ch "First stage works perfectly!"
ch "Now for the fun part."
ch "Come on, get in there!"
ch "And tell me everything you see!"
y "Aren't I going to see a classroom?"
ch "Hopefully, but if it happens to be one of the layers of Hell, then wouldn't that be a story?"
y simple"Hold on, that can-"
ch "Just go in already."
y bored"*sigh*"
y "Yes ma'am..."
I approach the portal, nothing out of the ordinary so far, just like any other portals.
This will be the third time in my life I use one.
I put my hand in first, to make sure it's not an actual pit of fire or something.
I hold my breath and begin to enter.
The thin layer of matter you have to get through to get to the other side feels like the membrane of a soap bubble that doesn't pop.
As far as I know, it's a big mistake keeping your eyes opened when going through a portal, and soap bubbles too, so obviously I keep them closed.
As soon as my ears pass through, I can hear voices, telling me this room is not empty.
I just hope not to freak anyone out.
When I'm certain that my head is completely on the other side, I open my eyes.
Scribbles, you ok?
un relaxed"Yeah, I'm a little dizzy, aren't you?"
Not really, I'm fine.
un curious"Peculiar..."
Do you hear that?
un "It sounds like a mortal is making weird sounds, which already bothers me enough."
We were unfortunate enough to have the portal behind the teacher's desk, or maybe I should say fortunate, since I don't really want to be seen for now.
un bored"We should go and tell that woman to input a different location, she probably wants to keep her invention a secret anyway."
Hold on.
Those voices...
t "Hmm, yeah, that's the spot~"
t "A little harder please, Ahh, yeah... just like that."
a "I hope you can be as rough as I am, it's my turn soon."
t "N-no worries... I'll give you rough, hmm... how are you so good at this anyway, Aiden?"
Tate and Aiden?!
a "I had practice."
t "With whom?"
t "Yourself? hue hue hue."
a "Something like that..."
t "To the left, to the left! yeeeesss..."
Yep, those are Tate and Aiden.
I'm certain.
un suspicious"What the hell are they doing?"
Having a little too much fun in detention it seems...
I knew there was something fishy about them.
un "They were a little too excited to go to detention together, I admit."
un squint"But to think they're going at it over here!?"
un squint"Scandalous!"
Hey hey, let's not judge what we can't see.
We should listen for a bit longer.
un eyeroll"Fucking pervert, you JUST had sex!"
I'm just curious!
They're my friends after all.
Some moments of silence pass by, the room being filled only by the soft moans of the cat, and... a crack, from time to time.
a "You have a lot of nodes here, even more than me, probably from stress."
t "No shit, after everything he pulls to get me in trouble..."
t "I swear, knowing how to give a good massage should be mandatory information for everyone."
Ooooooohhhh...
un bored"Ah."
...Of course, it's a massage.
un simple"I knew that."
Like hell you did.
a "So...you ok?"
a "Last time you were telling me how he was trying to... take advantage of you?"
Who are they talking about?
un bored"Probably you."
What? Why me? What did I do?
un squint"I don't know, you seem like you can be a real asshole if you want to be."
t "It's fine, it's not like he actually did anything, it would be bold of him to do so."
t "It was just implied."
a "Good, because I would've killed him."
t "Ha, you caaare~"
a "Shut up."
t "Ouch."
t "Don't pinch me."
a "Don't give me reasons to."
t "*sigh*"
t "He's just set on keeping me on campus, and make my life miserable."
t "He's one of the only people I genuinely hate... sorry."
a "Don't apologize to me, I hate him too."
a "He's a real piece of work that plays pretend."
a "Wolf in sheep's clothing, or... lion."
t "I swear the Headmaster is evil, I just can't prove it yet."
a "I wouldn't go that far, but the strings he pulls can sometimes be petty and vile."
t "I saw him kick a child ones!"
a "Did you?"
t "no..."
t "But it looked like he wanted to."
t "…"
t "Speaking of him…"
a "No, Tate, we've been over this last time."
a "I don't know where he is, but the Headmaster has nothing to do with it."
t "How are you so certain about it?"
a "Because he's a dumbass but he's not a killer or a kidnapper, Tate!"
t "…"
t "I want to believe you… but then, I'll have nobody to blame."
a "I know…"
a "I'm sorry..."
I think they're talking about the Headmaster.
un suspicious"No shit, they literally said it."
un "It seems like the both have beef with him."
A lot of beef.
un "I wonder why they hate him so much."
I though he was new, did he already manage to make so many enemies?
And who were they talking about at the end there?
un eyeroll"I don't know, but this is lame."
un "Why couldn't they be fucking?"
Nobody wants to see that, Scribbles…
They're obviously in an emotional moment.
un "Yeah, the perfect moment to take advantage of each other's feelings."
un suspicious"Plus, they kissed once already."
un "You didn't complain then."
Yeah, but-
un simple"And hey, we don't actually know exactly what they're doing, since we can't see them."
Tate said 'massage'.
un bored"Prostate massage."
Stop!
un tease"No no, listen to me, or actually, let me show you."
un "Here, new canvas."
W-what, what are you doing, what is that?
un tease"I'm gonna paint a picture for you."
How are you doing that? I can see it so clearly in my head, I can't see anything else!
un "I'm learning more and more."
un simple"Now look, we will start with a simple sketch, bear with me, I have good visual memory but I might forget some details along the way."
un "There, I think that's the position they're using."
ARE YOU DRAWING AIDEN AND TATE HAVING SEX IN MY MIND?
un tease"Yep."
WELL STOP IT!
IT'S SO WRONG!
un eyeroll"It's literally in your head, nothing wrong about that, not my fault they sound like they're raw-dogging it."
un tease"Some more details, mortal anatomy is fun."
They are NOT having sex!
un tease"Those moans say otherwise."
You have CLEARLY never experienced a massage before.
un bored"I can't recall if I did, but I did take painting lessons."
un "Anyway, What do you think of my lineart?"
I think you're sick.
un tease"Thanks!"
...
Aiden's ear is too small.
un suspicious"Ah, you're right."
un simple "How's this?"
Better...
un "Good."
un suspicious"And stop rubbing your eyes so hard, the image is in your brain, it won't go away!"
un "I know you're enjoying it, you can't hide it."
I am enjoying it… that's the damn problem.
un simple"These colors look nice."
YOU'RE NOT EVEN COLORING INSIDE THE LINES!
un ang"YOU TRY TO COLOR INSIDE THE LINES USING IMAGINARY PAINTING TOOLS!"
un bored"There."
un "Happy?"
You know I'm not.
You're lucky I'm already used to creating fake scenarios in my head.
un tease"Yeah, but this one is hyper realistic."
un "Let me slap some details on these bitches."
Don't call them that.
un tease"Yeee, that's what I'm talking about!"
un "I've outdone myself."
Crossing the line is not 'outdoing' yourself.
Is it just me, or do they look...more buff than in real life?
un suspicious"I told you I don't remember exactly what they look like."
un "You can help if you want."
…
I'm just going to watch.
Not that I have a choice in that.
un tease"Now some light in the background~"
un tease"This is more fun than I thought."
un "And way hotter than I thought."
Grr..
un bored"Don't worry, I'm almost done, no need to growl like an animal."
un tease"Last details incoming!"
Aghhh!
Why is this waking up feelings in me?!
un "Huehuehuehue, kneel in front of my artistic talents!"
Tate... Aiden... if you can hear this conversation, I'm so sorry.
un eyeroll"Stop being so dramatic, again, they're just lines in your mind, they're not real."
un "I know they're just having a completely heterosexual and platonic massage session alone in that classroom."
Thank you for admitting it.
Now delete this shit.
un curious"You sure I shouldn't save it?"
un "At least in a deep part of your brain?"
...
In the deepest part.
un tease"Kay!"
un simple"Oh, hold up, one more thing to add."
What now?
un tease"A finishing move!"
Oh. My. God.
un "Ha, fill up the twink!"
un bored"Ok, I'm done for real now."
un "Thoughts on the final product?"
I think I need a lobotomy...
un blush"That is the best compliment anyone ever gave me..."
t "It's a good thing Dallan and [name] got out of detention."
a "Why's that?"
t "We get free group therapy."
a"..."
a "To be fair, venting does relieve a lot of my nerves, I haven't been angry at all today."
a "Almost."
t "We should do this more often."
a "Trash talk the Headmaster."
t "Just the two of us, yeah."
t "Ok, I'm done, it's your turn."
a "Finally, I had this stupid cramp in my right should-"
t "Hold up."
t "Is that-"
a "[name]?!"
Huh?
un surprised"Shit!"
un "They can see your reflection in the window!"
t "HEY!"
y scared4"AAHH, SORRY, CHELSIE MADE ME DO IT, I SWEAR!"
un surprised"RUN!"
a "HOLD UP! WHY DID CHEL-"
I get my head back in and close the portal as fast as I can.
That was close, they just HAD to look at the window.
ch "Hey!"
ch "You're back, and didn't even go all the way in."
ch "Why's that?"
ch "You seem pale, it wasn't actually Hell, was it?"
y awkward"Uhmm..."
ch "Where did you-"
Frantic door knocks can be heard right outside the door.
ch "I wonder who that could be."
y worried"I-I don't think that's a good idea!"
ch "Huh, why n-"
t "THERE HE IS!"
t"TOLD YOU HE'D BE HERE!"
a "Found the weasel."
ch "Tate!"
ch "I'm glad you listened to my request about not teleporting directly into my office, but bursting through the door like that isn't much better either!"
a "Sorry Chelsie, we kind of have an emergency."
t "[name]!"
t "What the ACTUAL fuck?"
t "You were spying on us?"
a "And how much have you heard?"
ch "Oh, this is juicy, huh?"
ch "Were you two fucking or something?"
t "NO!"
a "NEVER!"
y awkward"Guys!"
y "I can explain."
y "You see, Chelsie and I-"
ch "Hey hey, don't drag me into this, I had nothing to do with anything ever."
t "We don't need your darn explanations!"
a "Just tell us how much you've heard."
y "Uhm, around the part where the Headmaster came into the conversation."
t "*Gasp*"
t "So, basically everything."
a "I'll bring the shovel."
t "I'll bring the plastic bags."
y worried"H-hold up."
ch "You can't just kill him because he caught you two fucking once!"
t "WE WERE NOT FUCKING!"
ch "Seriously? Then what's the whole deal about?"
a "We were doing something more...personal than that."
ch "Something more pers-"
ch "O. M. G."
ch "Were you two sharing trauma together?"
ch "That is SOOO cute!"
t "That's none of your business!"
a "[name], you HAVE to promise this never gets out."
y smileworry"Alright, I promise, I wasn't going to tell anyone anyway."
y "I respect you guys, and I think it's cool you found a shared interest, or hatred to bond with."
They both blush a little, refusing to look at me, or each other.
a "Thanks for understanding..."
t "Yeah…"
a "And I want to make it clear, the next time we see each other which is probably pretty soon, we act like NOTHING happend."
a "Got it?"
y simple"Absolutely!"
ch "Aghem."
ch "My silence can be bought with money~"
ch "And booze for a year."
a "We'll pay you by not telling anyone you are experimenting in your office again."
t "And caught another first year to be your lab rat."
ch "Deal."
y simple"What was that last part?"
t "By the way, [name], is that cum on the floor there?"
Fuck.
y awkward"Aren't you two not supposed to leave the detention room, what's up with that?"
a "Shit, I knew I forgot something."
a "Let's go before the alarm goes off."
t "But why is there cum on the-"
y awkward"Ok byeeeee~"
I push them both out the door, and soon hear Tate's teleportation going off.
ch "Sheesh."
ch "We almost got busted."
ch "And so much drama from a little portal."
y "No kidding."
ch "At least now I know it works."
ch "Thanks again for your help."
ch "And, uhm, just between us, those two aren't fucking, are they?"
y "Nope, they're just being weird together."
ch "Ok, good, wouldn't want more friends getting into relationships around me, considering where you're heading with Dallan."
I can't help but blush a little at the implications.
y "I think I'll take my leave now, it was fun, everything we did."
ch "I sure hope you don't forget about me too fast."
y "You don't forget friends that easily!"
A last slap on the back from the ingenious but eccentric raccoon being the last thing I feel before I close the door behind me.
To the arena we go.
Shroud and Chelsie wave goodbye and go back to their daily activities.
y "What did you think about that, Scribbles?"
y "I think I handled this meeting pretty well."
un bored"Yaaawwwn."
un "What?"
un suspicious"Meeting?"
un "We had a meeting?"
un bored"Did they give you one of those extra small water bottles?"
y simple"You were asleep the whole time?"
un "Duuh, I don't care about your stupid sexual encounters."
un "Mortals don't know how to please me anyway."
y "What about the whole 'finally some pussy'?"
un "I changed my mind, I had enough of that to last me an eternity."
y bored"Your loss…"
y s"I guess I'll just go to the arena, it's almost time."
y bored"You can go back to sleep or whatever."
un "Yepperinos."
un bored"Dear diary."
un "Today I probably had one of the best sex rituals of my thousands of years of existence."
un "I never thought giving the leash to such an inferior Nightfallen as a slime can result in this. Combined with a mortal, the experience was just explosive."
un "Of course, out of humility and humbleness, I refrained from telling the mortal I inhabit about my own pleasure in the encounter."
un "I might have to rethink whom, or what, I breed with when I finally get my physical body back."
un "End of entry."
t"HEY!"
t"Hi!"
t"You!"
t"Yes you!"
t"This is the end of the demo"
t"Or more like the end of Chapter 1 of Dallan's path."
t"What did you think?"
t"You did kind of fuck up a little bit there, huh?"
t"Being on bad terms with your crush's best friend is probably not the best idea out there."
t "You're pretty cute, but nobody will side with you over their best friend."
t"Am I right?"
t "Maybe you'll make better decisions in the future."
t"Anyway"
t"Whatever your response was"
t"On whether or not you liked the game"
t"You got this far, didn't you?"
t"So there must be SOMETHING done right"
t"Thank you for playing"
t"And special thanks to Dallan, Merina..."
t"..."
t"Chelsie?"
t"Uhm..."
t"the tiger dude"
t"Ughh"
t"Who else?"
t"The creepy guy with the blue earring?"
t"The murderous, cursed, apathetic, small leader of the Slayer's Shard"
t"And..."
t"Oh yeah"
t"That little voice inside your head"
t"And last but not least"
t"Me!"
t"Now you might be wondering"
t"'Hey Tate, when do I get to kiss YOU?"
t"Or"
t"When will Chapter two come out?"
t"That completely depends on the feedback and support of the players"
t"If you enjoyed your time at the academy so far"
t"Consider supporting the game on Patreon"
t"But the artist will focus on finishing the main paths of the first chapter, before continuing"
t"That's all for now folks"
t"Have a nice day"
t"And don't let any Nightfallen get you!"
t"Unless you're into that"
t"Cya"
t"Tartarus out!"
t"HEY!"
t"Hi!"
t"You!"
t"Yes you!"
t"This is the end of the demo."
t"Or more like the end of Chapter 1 of Dallan's route."
t"What did you think?"
t "It seems like you got the BEST ending!"
t "Congrats, you got a smooch from your crush."
t "If you can even call that tongue fight a smooch."
t"Haha?"
t"Too bad you got interupted before anything more happened, I did NOT expect Dallan to try to go further so fast, our rule respecting boy is not so innocent."
t"Anyway."
t"Whatever your response was."
t"On whether or not you liked the game."
t"You got this far, didn't you?"
t"So there must be SOMETHING done right."
t"Thank you for playing."
t"And special thanks to Dallan, Merina..."
t"..."
t"Chelsie?"
t"Uhm..."
t"the tiger dude"
t"Ughh"
t"Who else?"
t"The creepy guy with the blue earring?"
t"The murderous, cursed, apathetic, small leader of the Slayer's Shard."
t"And..."
t"Oh yeah."
t"That little voice inside your head."
t"And last but not least"
t"Me!"
t"Now you might be wondering."
t"'Hey Tate, when do I get to kiss YOU?"
t"Or."
t"When will Chapter two come out?"
t"That completely depends on the feedback and support of the players."
t"If you enjoyed your time at the academy so far."
t"Consider supporting the game on Patreon."
t"But the artist will focus on finishing the main paths of the first chapter, before continuing."
t"That's all for now folks."
t"Have a nice day."
t"And don't let any Nightfallen get you!"
t"Unless you're into that."
t"Cya."
t"Tartarus out!"
t"HEY!"
t"Hi!"
t"You!"
t"Yes you!"
t"This is the end of the demo"
t"Or more like the end of Chapter 1"
t"What did you think?"
t"Wasn't that an experience?"
t"You didn't do bad, but things could've went cmoother with that wolf."
t"Maybe next time you'll make some better choices?"
t"Hint- stick to one person and don't try to be a fuckboy."
t"Keep it in your pants for a while, would ya?"
t"Anyway."
t"Whatever your response was."
t"On whether or not you liked the game."
t"You got this far, didn't you?"
t"So there must be SOMETHING done right."
t"Thank you for playing."
t"And special thanks to Dallan, Merina..."
t"..."
t"Chelsie?"
t"Uhm..."
t"the tiger dude"
t"Ughh"
t"Who else?"
t"The creepy guy with the blue earring?"
t"The murderous, cursed, apathetic, small leader of the Slayer's Shard."
t"And..."
t"Oh yeah."
t"That little voice inside your head"
t"And last but not least."
t"Me!"
t"Now you might be wondering"
t"'Hey Tate, when do I get to kiss YOU?"
t"Or"
t"When will Chapter two come out?"
t"That completely depends on the feedback and support of the players