.
→ The top's warm paw is stroking my shaft.
→ He uses the other one to push my ass forward.
→ Both coyotes seem to be in sync, as the bottom leans forward and closes his eyes in anticipation.
→ He aims the tip of my junk until it touches his hole.
→ Can't argue with that logic.
→ It's now or never I suppose, my heart racing and breathing intensifying.
→ I start to thrust forw-
→ He holds my hips back, right before the penetration limit.
→ He reaches for a small bottle of lube and squirts a small amount on two fingers.
→ I can feel the coyote in the back, gently entering me.
→ At this point I realize it is going to be the first time I'd ever have real sex.
→ But I keep a calm and collected mind.
→ I'm sure it will be great.
→ It will be just fin-
→ The coyote slams his hips against mine, sending my own body forward making my cock enter the bottom.
→ But unlike me, he doesn't seem as fazed by the sudden thrust.
→ He starts to move again, not as rough but it was still difficult for an exclusive toy user to take.
→ I tried to focus on his motion, he is making sure to get as much of his length in and out on every thrust as possible.
→ His dick fills up my body until there's no empty space left inside.
→ After getting used to the feeling and being stretched out enough to not hurt anymore, I start to move as well.
→ It was a little awkward at first, but soon I got in sync, and the bottom started to show more of his pleasure as well.
→ Moaning so hard I had to cover up his muzzle, which probably turned him on even more.
→ For the next five or so minutes, the only sensations, or at least the clearest ones, were two hands clenching my shoulders, the claws deep in my fur but not enough to penetrate my skin.
→ Speaking of penetration, can't forget the forceful shoves happening in the back and my own rams in the front.
→ Considering this encounter has nothing to do with love, I can't expect tenderness, or romance, or kisses, or anything.
→ But sometimes, that's just what you want.
→ A quick, wild and unexpected sex session, like this.
→ The top changed his method, turning his impaling into quick and short jolts.
→ He leans onto me, making my weight veer on my front partner.
→ Our bodies are rocking together back and forth.
→ Making the stall shake as four paws try frantically to hold onto it.
→ The dick is hitting just the right spots, making my incoming orgasm appear somewhat unexpectedly.
→ Loading my seed inside the loud coyote in front of me, small amounts spilling out from the sides.
→ Guess I was more pent up than I imagined.
→ Or it might just be a side effect of a certain demon's magic.
→ A pulsing feeling inside me gave away that I was about to be filled up as well.
→ And indeed, a moment later, hot liquid was being pumped.
→ The sheer amount combined with how warm it was left me satisfied.
→ All three of us stood there for a while, drinking in the silence, broken only by light panting.
→ He slaps my backside as we both leave.
→ I clean myself up real quick in another stall and walk towards the door.
→ This was… an interesting experience.
→ And I don't even know their names.
→ I'm just going to continue calling them 'Top' and 'Bottom' I suppose.
→ Oh yeah, what did I say this morning?
→ 'I'm not gonna get railed on the first day of school'
→ Heh.
→ Sure thing, buddy.
→ Should've worn my sexy underwear…
→ By the time I'm done Bottom was nowhere to be found, and Top was whistling while mopping the floor.
→ He waves goodbye with a smile which I return.
→ I wonder if this is the norm around here or I just stumbled into the wildest of encounters.
→ Anyway, I have a big wolf man to return to.
→ And before you ask, Scribbles, I don't feel bad for what I did.
→ Hey!
→ You're back, what did you think back there?
→ You're a strict top, huh?
→ What!?
→ Then why did you make ME do it?
→ Ouch.
→ It's true, but he shouldn't say it.
--- END CHOICES ---

As soon as I get out, I'm greeted by an excited Dallan, with soda bottles in his hands.
d "Hey!"
d "You took a while."
d "Everything ok?"
y simple "Huh?"
y awkward "Oh, yeah yeah."
y "Everything's fine."
y "My… belt was giving me some problems."
d "Yeah, these custom made belts tend to malfunction sometimes."
d "I suggest getting one from a local tailor, with the academy emblem on it, of course."
y s"Maybe you can show me sometime."
d "It would be my pleasure!"
Seems like I successfully fooled him.
The last guy comes out of the bathroom behind me.
He gives me a wink and walks away.
I feel dirty, but satisfied.
D "Here you go, gotta replace the fluid."
D "Choose one."
It is flavored water.

--- CHOICES ---
→ I prefer...
→ Strawberry flavored
→ Orange flavored
--- END CHOICES ---

Instead of handing it to me he keeps smiling with both bottles in front of him.
I reach out to take it, his big paws impossible to avoid, and we end up touching.
It's hard to explain, but it felt, kind of intimate?
Was that his way of flirting?
Is he that smooth?
Un squint"Maybe he's not so stupid after all."
I hope he can't notice my blush.
It's silly to even think that way from a simple touch.
But here I am.
y s"W-where to next, chief?"
D "Hmmm, I think this is about it for the academy."
D "I mean, there are a ton of classrooms to show you, the dungeon..."
y surprised "Dungeon?"
D "Some more towers but you don't need to know about those until after the test."
He thinks for a second.
D "Well, there is another place to visit I suppose."
y "Maybe the dungeon?"
D "Follow me."
He's so fast!
We go up more stairs.
Not going to the dungeon then.
Weird, I thought this was the last floor.
y simple"How many does this building have again?"
d "Enough for a good leg workout."
We get…
To the roof?
D "We're here, the last stop."
The sun was setting, leaving the golden red horizon in its place.
y surprised"Woah, what a view."
D "I know, right?"
D "It's nothing special, being out here I mean."
D "It's just a rooftop, but the view really is amazing."
D "Not as good as from some of the towers, I was told."
D "But you can still see most of the campus."
We stayed by the edge for a while.
Dallan was trying to point out some of the bigger reference points on the campus, like the arena, the dorm rooms and cafeteria.
He had some trouble remembering their locations as far as I noticed, but I didn't care.
Because as I said, the tour guide bit was just an excuse to spend time with this handsome man.
The wind was blowing harder as the sun disappeared, ruffling his fur and playing with his cheek fluff.
How I wish I was the one doing that.
Lucky mother nature.
We sip our waters and look around at the view, leaning on the thick safety barrier.
d "So?"
d "What do you think?"
y "Which part?"
d "Everything!"
d "I love getting feedback about things I enjoy."
d "Out of ten."
y simple "Well, let's see…"

--- CHOICES ---
→ About…
→ The Academy itself.
→ The Campus.
→ He avoided the question.
→ The People.
→ My mind goes back to the two coyotes in the restroom…
→ They sure left an impression.
--- END CHOICES ---

I'm thinking of Tate and Aiden.
Just like Dallan, they were eager to help, and seemed very nice.
y ec"I think I'll get along with the others just fine."
y "So far Tate, Aiden, Chelsie and the other's seemed very friendly."
y smug"Even if one of them tried to scam me."
y s"But I can't help but wonder."
y "How do the locals deal with not having internet, TV, communication with the outside world?"
d "Agghhh…"
d "I know this one…"
d "Chelsie explained it to me, but I forgot."
d "She does a better job explaining this kind of stuff on the spot."
d "It's something to do with energy crystals, and antennas, they use those outside the barrier and manage to catch signals for the locals."
d "Students don't get a privilege like that."
y bored"Why?"
d "So we focus on becoming good hunters!"
y "And how are my Sunday morning cartoons going to affect that?"
d "I… well, you see…"
d "Hmm."
y smug"I got you there."
d "You really have."
d "Hey, are you going to poke holes in all my rules from now on?"
y "Only in the stupid ones."
d  "Can't wait for those future debates."
y s"So I think I'd give the people here a 10/10."
y ec"You were a great guide!"
y "I already feel like I know this place thanks to you."
His tail starts wagging even more than before, if that's even possible.
y "Walking through the halls, everybody greeted you smiling and knew your name."
y "You said you want to be like the Headmaster someday, but I think you're already there."
y "In a way."
He looks at me dumbstruck for a moment.
Did I say something wrong?
d "THANK YOU SO MUCH [name]!"
y surprised"Woah!"
y awkward"O-oh ok, we're hugging now."
y "There there, no need for tears."
d "That means so much to me."
I take this opportunity to feel the fur around his neck, softer than the cotton in his suit.
And drink in his violet perfume.
d "*Sniff sniff*"
d "Sorry, got a little emotional there."
y ec"It's fine, I don't mind."
You can get emotional with me anytime.
un "What does that even mean?"
d "Does that mean I passed?"
y "11/10!"
y "I don't really have any feedback."
y "It was… an experience, for sure."
d "Oh…"
d "Nothing?"
d "At all?"
y "Not really."
d "Well…"
d "Let me know if anything sparks up."
y ec"I think that's it for now."
d "Nice!"
d "It seems like I got a high enough score."
y "You aced the test."
d "I love hearing those words."
He looks into my eyes, his gaze traveling slowly all over my face until it fixates on my lips.
un "Is it getting hot in here or is it just me?"
un "Yep, your body temperature is definitely rising, alright."
un "Among other things."
sss "There you are!"
sss "Finally, thank goodness!"
y bored"Rude interruption."
sss "Sir, we need you to stamp the papers for the new members, they want to come inside the room."
sss "But we can't allow them until you make them official."
Dallan lets out an exasperated sigh, the new arrival clearly stepping on a nerve.
D "You know, I like rules, I think they're important, but don't you think that's taking it a tiny bit too far?"
The man lets out the loudest, most shocked gasp I've ever heard.
D "Alright, alright."
D "I'm coming."
D "Well, we were about done here anyway."
D "You don't mind if I-"
y "No no no."
y "Not at all, duty calls."
y "I get it."
He touches his pointy fingers together.
Looking away shyly.
D "Uhm."
D "I'll be in my office if you need me."
sss "He can't enter the defend-"
dandy "We get it, killjoy."
sss "Ouch."
sss "I'll just… wait by the stairs."
y pf "Yeah, you better."
d "I suppose this is it for now."
D "See you later, [name], or tomorrow, most likely."
y ec"Cya."
y "I expect more tours in the future."
d "This was only the beginning."
I watch his back walk towards the exit, and I only turned around when the tip of his tail was completely out of sight.
y simple"That was a little disappointing to say the least."
un "He did not seem very happy with his member giving him that news."
y bored"Obviously, we were having fun!"
y "And it got ruined by rules."
un suspicious"I don't think that's all there is."
un "That was a snap."
y simple"Are you suggesting he let his bottled up emotions come out?"
un bored"That's exactly what I'm saying."
y "To be fair, who wouldn't be under a lot of stress in his situation?"
un "I wouldn't be surprised if he secretly plots to murder everyone in this school."
un "Maybe he has evil plans written in a diary!"
y "I doubt it goes that deep…"
y simple"But if he's under a lot of stress."
y "I could perhaps help him out."
y s"We'll see when the time comes."
y "So what do I want to do now?"
I suppose I could stare at the sunset for a while
I refused Chelsie's invitation so I don't have to visit her 'office'.
One less worry on my mind.
But who knows, it might've been fun.
un "Or you might've blown up your body."
un "OUR body."
Good point.
un "You should really stop second guessing your decisions."
un "Confidence is sexy."
Easy to say when you have no control over anything except what you say.
And even then, only one person in the entire world can hear, and can do nothing about it.
th "Hello there, [name], you look lonely, mind some company?"
My alone time is cut short.
I turn around to see a familiar stallion behind me.
y s "Hey, Therium!"
y awkward"Uhm, yeah, I mean no."
y "I don't mind."
He sits on the roof beside me, with his feet dangling off the edge.
I wanted to do that as soon as I got here, but I didn't think Dallan would approve.
So now I follow Therium's lead.
th "Isn't the evening sky so beautiful?"
y smileworry"It is."
y "My favorite time of day, in fact."
There is something so peculiar about his micro movements.
The way he caresses the ledge with his hands as he sits.
The lazy blinking with the half closed eyes.
The way his pupils don't go my way but I somehow still feel watched.
Eerie, almost.
th "Say, [name]."
Th "Do you see the burning horizon as the beginning of an end, or a fresh start?"
The sudden question makes me snap back to reality.
Why is he asking me that now?
The end or start?
y simple"Wouldn't dawn be more fitting of a start?"
Th "That depends."
Th "Would an owl, that wakes up at night agree with you?"
y "I presume not."
y "But I thought we were talking about people."
th "Ah."
th "That seems to be a common misconception."
th "That we are the only beings that matter on the face of the earth."
th "Leaving animals and nightfallen as an afterthought."
y "Is it wrong to think of your kind first?"
th "Perhaps not."
th "You do have a point."
y "In any case, I don't see dusk as a transition period, but rather a point in itself that has to be lived as well."
Th "Wise answer."
Th "You like to live in the moment."
Th "You care for the ones around you and try to keep them away from your flaws."
y "Are you doing a reading on me based on my responses?"
Th "Ha, you catch on quick."
Th "Might add smart, wise and handsome along those lines."
y "W-what part of that made me handsome?"
Th "Oh, I don't need a reading for that, I have proof right here."
The evening air is supposed to be chilly, so why do I feel so hot right now?
Deja Vu.
y "T-thanks."
Th "So I take that you decided on a Shard already?"
I look towards the door Dallan walked through and contemplate.
y smileworry"Yeah…"
y "Yeah, I think I did."
Th "I'm glad to hear it, although sad we won't be able to spend more time together."
y worried"Summoning was never my strong point."
y "Not that I practiced much."
Th "Something tells me you'd be a great summoner."
Th "Energy manipulation is exactly what a summoner would ever need."
y surprised"You know my power?"
Th" But of course!"
He gets up and stands behind me, rubbing my shoulders.
He gets closer to my ear.
Th "I know a lot about you."
Th "Because that's my job, of course, scout for new, talented members."
th "Especially when finding people with summoning abilities is so hard these days."
th "Our leader is pressing us to recruit more."
y smug"Ever thought of scamming people into signing up?"
th "Heh."
th "Tempting."
th "But I'm better at convincing."
Th "I think I'll get out of your fur, it's getting late anyway."
Th "Hope to see you around, [name]."
y s"Cya Ther-"
I turn around and he's gone.
Such a weird guy...
I like him.
Hmmm.
y surprised"Oh right!"
y"Chelsie!"
y"I promised I'll help her"
y simple"Let's see…"
y "Where did she say her workshop was, I wonder."
un "Didn't she give you a literal map to use?"
y s"Oh yeah!"
I take out the folded piece of paper from my backpack.
The map is… surprisingly well made.
She did say she's an inventor, so it's not too odd that she'd be able to draw a good map.
Unfortunately the architecture here is a tad TOO detailed.
It takes me a while to actually understand how to navigate it.
Combine that with the fact that I don't yet know the building at all.
And you have a lost leopard...
Scribbles, can you help me here?
Un "yeah yeah."
un "I'll come to the rescue, again."
un "Show me that map again."
un suspicious"Hmmm."
un "If this is that hallway..."
un "And that's the statue..."
un bored"Ok, got it, I think."
un "Just go down three floors, then to the left."
You're the best!
un "I know."
Using some help from Scribbles.
un "The superior being."
I get in front of Chelsie's 'workshop'.
Before I knock, I question the real intentions for my presence here.
Do I like Chelsie?
Do I just want to be a good little pal and help someone out?
Or is it to impress Dallan with my civic spirit?
Before I can answer to myself, the door swings open.
A very enthusiastic raccoon is now in my face.
ch "Nice!"
ch "Just in time."
ch "The paint I used to color it just dried"
y smug"Nice to see you too."
ch "You've been standing outside my door for 6.46 seconds."
ch "Why didn't you knock?"
ch "What were you pondering?"
ch "Hope you didn't get cold feet, haha."
y simple"I, uhmm…"
ch "Never mind."
ch "Come on in!"
The inside looks very messy at first glance, until you look closely at how almost everything is labeled and has its own designated place.
ch "Welcome to my little workshop, where all the magic happens."
y simple"All of it?"
ch "Did I stutter?"
y awkward"S-so what do you need help with?"
ch "Oh it's simple"
She hands me a pair of goggles, similar to the ones she has around her neck, but a little bigger, with a lot more, weirder lenses.
ch "Sit on that chair over there."
y "Yes ma'am."
She gives me the goggles.
ch "Think of it as an eye exam."
I never liked doctors, so that statement made me a little worried.
ch "Put these on."
I adjust the strap, examine them a bit and attempt to put them on.
un scared "STOP!"
un "DON'T DO IT!"
un "DON'T PUT THOSE ON!"
I take them off and throw the goggles on the floor in a panic.
Scribbles!
Are you ok?
What's wrong?
What was she trying to do?
un tease"Ahahha."
un "You're so gullible."
un "I don't know what those even are."
THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
Wait!
You lied!
You should be dead, or something bad should've happened to you anyway.
un ang"I did not!"
un "I just told you not to put them on."
un "You decided the reason for it."
un tease"And your first concern was my safety, not yours."
un "Awww, isn't that cute?"
Whatever, I hope Chelsie isn't mad…
ch "Hey!"
ch "What the hell was that for?"
She picks up the goggles and inspects them.
ch "Oh…"
ch "OH!"
ch "Silly me, it was set on X-ray vision."
She flicks a switch on them.
ch "If you were to look through them, directly at me like that, you would've seen me naked."
ch "Haha."
You'll pay for this Scribbles…
un sad"I'm sorry…"
un "I admit, I messed up."
She sways her tail as she comes closer with her hands behind her back.
ch "You're a true gentleman, [name], and have good observation skills."
ch "Still a bit of an overreaction."
ch "However, you're already proving yourself way more useful than my previous assistant."
ch "Guess I shouldn't take any risks with you."
ch  "I'll have someone else test my other invention I planned for the evening."
She throws a big syringe with green, bubbly liquid into a drawer, out of sight.
y simple"*Gulp*"
un bored"You're welcome, I might have saved your life."
ch "Now, the goggles should be fine, just don't touch any of the lenses, and I want you to look directly at me."
My vision hasn't changed much, except for some patterns appearing at the edges.
ch "What do you see?"
y simple"Uhm, what am I looking for exactly?"
ch "So you don't see anything different?"
y "Nope."
ch "Perfect!"
She brings out a small cage covered with cloth.
ch "Now look at this!"
She takes the cover off.
Inside the cage is a small slimy creature.
y surprised"What the hell is that?"
ch "Don't worry about it, just tell me what you see with the goggles."
y "It's glowing."
y simple"Not very brightly, but noticeable enough."
y "In the center of its mass is a small part glowing even brighter."
ch "Cool! So you can see it too."
un "That's a Nightfallen by the way."
y "WHAT?!"
ch "AH!"
ch "What happened?"
y "Chelsie, is this a Nightfallen?"
She smirks.
ch "Maaaybe."
y worried"This is not ok, what is it doing here?"
ch "Relaaaax, it's harmless."
ch "It's just an experiment tool."
ch "I'll get rid of it when I'm done."
y "Alright, but how is it inside the barrier?"
ch "Oh, I got a little help from someone."
ch "I don't know how they did it myself, so don't ask."
y "This is concerning, but I'll try to overlook it…"
ch "Great!"
ch "Now, for the real reason you're here."
She brings out a big mirror, covered as well.
ch "So, what you just saw was energy."
ch "The goggles on your eyes are designed to see the amount of energy and magic in creatures."
y "But I didn't see anything on you."
ch "That's because I have no magic!"
ch "And I'm not a Nightfallen so I can't have energy inside me."
ch "Unless I were to swallow one's crystal."
ch "But they're not very tasty."
ch "Not that I ever tried one, of course."
y "I didn't think you did."
ch "Good."
ch "Because I didn't."
ch "Shut up."
ch "So now, I need someone that has magic in them."
ch "I assume that if you came here by recommendation you must be pretty powerful."
ch "So that's why I wanted you to help."
ch "Just, take a look at yourself and tell me what you see."
She uncovers the mirror.
The image staring back at me was blinding.
There was too much light in the way for me to even open my eyes.
But I did catch a glimpse of red around the bright blue colored aura.
Chelsie looks surprised when I cover my eyes and turn away from the light that she can't see.
Already taking notes.
ch "Huh…"
ch "No wonder everyone thinks you and your pals are so special."
y hurt2 "Pals?"
ch "Recommended students."
She comes closer and touches another switch on the goggles.
My vision darkens slightly.
Now I can look at my own reflection without having to close my eyes.
y surprised"Wow."
Am I the protagonist of this school?
Because even if I don't have anyone to compare my aura to, it feels impressive.
un "I'll let you know that most of that is mine."
un "The red one and the majority of the blue."
un "So don't get too cocky."
un "You're still super weak."
Oh…
Still.
My point stands.
un "Barely."
ch "Let me try!"
y "Be my guest."
Chelsie takes the goggles from me and looks through them without bothering to strap them on.
ch "Oh hell yeah!"
ch "That's awesome, and it seems like your aura has two colors."
ch "I would love to see you in action."
ch "Let's see how bright it is without the shade."
She switches the lens.
ch "Oh, oops, that's the X-Ray vision."
She changes the lens, goes back to the X-Ray, then off again.
y blushmad"Hey!"
y "I saw that."
Did…
Did she just see me naked?
I cover myself with my tail.
ch "Oh don't be so dramatic, I've seen my assistants naked countless times."
ch "Mostly because their clothes were set on-"
ch "I mean-"
ch "*Caught* fire."
I shouldn't be too surprised.
She keeps playing with the device, shielding her eyes when looking at me.
She looks busy and completely focused on her new device, but maybe not too busy to talk to.
Might be a good time to find out more about her.

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I ask about?
→ Her inventions
→ She stops meddling with the goggles, raises her ears, and looks at me sharply while taking small steps in my direction
→ She takes my paws in hers, gently.
→ Her relationships
→ She looks at me with big, innocent eyes.
→ Previous assistants
→ No more questions.
→ My eyes drift to the corner, to a small circular device that looked very complicated, it also seemed untouched for months.
--- END CHOICES ---

ch "Do you wanna try it?"
y bored"And end up in the hospital?"
y "No thanks."
ch "I don't mean right now, silly."
ch "We can figure out what is wrong with it together."
ch "And you don't have to worry."
ch "I won't force you to test it."
ch "Maybe the next time you come around?"
y pf"I do like the idea of teleporting around."
ch "I'll even credit you as a co-inventor!"
ch "Imagine if we actually manage to make it operate!"
ch "No more of those expensive as fuck gates the big corporations are trying to sell!"
y "Alright, I'll help."
ch "Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!"
ch "You won't regret it!"
ch "Perhaps it's a bit late for that now, but we'll definitely meet again."
ch "I think that's all I needed for today."
ch "I'll find you when the time comes."
y ec"Yes ma'am!"
ch "Attaboy!"
ch "Off you go then!"
ch "I still got some stuff to do."
She pushes me towards the door and closes it behind me.
y simple"She's much stronger than I thought."
un "Are you gonna ditch the wolf and hang out with her from now on?"
y surprised"What?"
y "No."
y simple"Maybe?"
y "I'm not sure."
y "Let's just go."
The stars are starting to appear on the violet sky.
The streetlamps begin to illuminate my path, one by one.
It's time to head to my dorm.
…
…
Wait…
Where is my dorm?
Un eyeroll"Woooow."
Don't start.
un "You don't know where your dorm room is?"
Perhaps…
I forgot to ask.
Can't you tell me?
Like you did with the meeting room?
Just draw a line for me.
Un "How am I supposed to know where your room is?"
Good point.
Guess it's time to sleep outside.
un "You could ask your new wolf boyfriend."
Boyfriend?
Wish I could say that was the case.
But you're right.
Dallan is a leader.
He must know.
Didn't he say he was going to work late?
un bored"Although would you really want to bother him so late at night?"
Yes?
un tease"Then what are you waiting for?"
un "Go go go!"
un "This might be fun."
un bored"Or boring and cliché."
We walk towards the Defender's Shard room.
We see nobody on our way there, the corridors are almost pitch-black at this point.
The moons are out and shining brightly through the windows, so at least I can see pretty well, as long as the clouds stay out of the way.
y "Here we are."
I extend my hand and place it on the handle.
un curious"Didn't they say you can't enter if you're not a member?"
y simple"I don't think anyone should be inside, it's too late."
y "Unless they also forgot to ask about their room."
Un "I doubt anyone is as dumb as you."
y bored"Ouch, ok, rude."
Un "Still, you should knock, these rule obsessed idiots might bite your head off if someone really is inside."
y bored"Fine."
Nothing seems to happen.
y "See?"
y "Obviously nobody-"
Wait.
I hear another door opening.
Footsteps.
The door in front of me opens.
Out comes a sleepy Dallan rubbing his eyes.
D "Oh, hey [name]."
d "How was your meeting with Chelsie?"
d "I heard she invited you over to help with an invention."
D "You're not injured, are you?"
y smileworry"Surprisingly pleasant, and no, I'm not, thanks for the concern."
d "Ha, that really is surprising."
y smileworry"Hi, Dallan."
d "You're lucky I have such great hearing."
d "There is nobody inside, so you can come in."
He moves out of the way and makes a welcoming gesture.
D "I had to walk all the way from my office."
y smileworry "Thanks, and sorry to bother you so late."
His eyes are droopy with visible dark circles.
His movements are sluggish, slow, and uneven.
y simple"Uhm, this isn't a bad time, is it?"
y "Were you sleeping?"
D "Hmm?"
D "What?"
D "No no, I mean-"
d "I was."
D "But I'm not supposed to, so I'm grateful you woke me up actually."
D "Got work, you know?"
y "So much work on the first day of school?"
D"Oh, you sweet summer child."
y blush "huh?"
D "The work doesn't end with the school year."
d "I've been here all summer."
D "Most of us spend our time here over the summer, actually, especially the leaders."
y simple"I didn't know that."
un "That's a little sad and unfair."
un "And I was imprisoned for centuries in a crystal for so long."
d "Oh."
d "You're probably looking for your stuff."
d "It should be right there in that drawer."
I open it up and take my things, but to be honest, I completely forgot about them until now.
y "It's dark out, how long do you plan on working?"
D "It's nighttime already?"
d "I didn't even notice…"
The moons are indeed bright enough to make you forget it's supposed to be dark.
Even if neither of them are full.
Dallan's table is crowded with papers beside an old computer.
It doesn't look very used.
There is no lamp or candles, but there is some kind of device that probably glows when used.
Judging by the energy crystal at its core.
I'm not good with magic technology, so I don't pay much attention to it.
y "So, Dallan, uhm…"
y "I have a strange request."
y "Well, maybe it's not as strange as it is dumb."
d "What is it?"
d "Don't tell me you want the answers to all the tests for the rest of the year as well, do you?"
y "No I-"
y shoked"Wait, if I asked, would you give them to me?"
d "I was joking."
y awkward"I knew that."
y "But no, there's something else."
y smileworry"I kind of forgot to ask about my room?"
y "Can you help me, by any chance?"
d "You.."
d "forgot?"
He starts chuckling, trying to contain himself but failing.
His attempts to cough the laugh off fail as well.
y pf"Ok, I said it's dumb, don't need to be rude."
d "I-I'm sorry."
d "It's just."
d "That exact same thing happened to me when I first got here."
y surprised"Really?"
d "Yeah, it was getting late and I was completely lost."
d "Thankfully, I found Chelsie, she was quick to give me a hand."
d "She did laugh and tease me all the way to the leader's office."
d "And when we got there, she revealed that she forgot about it too."
d "We became friends afterwards."
d "Best friends, in fact."
y smileworry"That's a very sweet story."
y "Two dorks finding each other."
d "Ha ha, I suppose you can say that."
d "But now we're adding a third one, apparently."
y simple"…"
y pf"It's-"
y "It's me, right?"
d "Yes, silly."
d "If you're ok with it, obviously."
y ec"Of course!"
Un "Friendzoned."
y s"So, can you help me?"
d "Sorry, I wish, but I need Chelsie in here to input all the technical stuff into the computer."
d "It's embarrassing, but I can't really do it on my own."
y simple"I understand…"
y "Buuut…"
y "What am I supposed to do?"
d "Here's an idea."
d "Why don't you stay here with me?"
y "In this office?"
He opens up a drawer and takes out two sleeping bags.
d "This one is Chelsie's, but I'm sure she won't mind."
y "Do you usually sleep here?"
d "Yep."
d "Five out of seven nights."
d "I have the most work around here, so sometimes I need to pull an all-nighter."
d "Or I'am just too tired to get to my dorm."
d "So I sleep here!"
y s"Alright, I can live like that."
y "Or try to."
d "Can this stay between us, by the way?"
d "If the others find out I'm here at night, they will definitely stick around trying to pamper me."
y "Of course!"
y "I've only experienced them as a third party member, but I'm already kind of done."
d "Thank you."
A stomach growls.
Realizing I haven't eaten anything since this morning