Maybe Dallan could introduce me to the other Shard Leaders.
I approach Dallan, he seems happy to see me as he puts his arms around my shoulder.
d"Hey friends, so you were probably wondering who this little guy is."
He pets me on the head, it's a little embarrasing but I can take it.
a very bouncy..."
And volumptuous...
Personality.
d"This is [name], he's a first year and hasn't chosen a Shard yet."
y blush"Hi?"
ch"Hi there! I'm Chelsie, the trusty vice leader of the defender's Shard, aren't you a little cutie?"
ch"Pleased to make your acquaintance."
ch"I so very hope you'll choose our Shard, it's the best around!"
She towers over me standing on her tip toes, extending her gloved hand for a handshake, which I so graciously accept.
She squeezes and shakes it quite hard.
y"Nice to meet you, I-"
ch"And if you don't that's fine."
ch"But then, maybe you'll consider buying one of my inventions."
ch"Just so I don't get TOO mad at you."
ch"Here let me show you some-"
d"Chelsie, let him breathe please, not everyone is used to your energy."
ch"Right, right, I always get ahead of myself, like my mom always said, 'Quick as an arrow with the words that one, if
only her hands would work as fast, we might afford to pay rent this month' haha."
That was the saddest thing I heard in a while.
But hey, found someone that will give Tate's energy a run for it's money.
d"Uhm, ok, so-"
d"Moving on."
ch"Wait wait, I didn't get to tell him what my whole deal is!"
d"Make it quick, Chelsie."
ch"Alright little dude, so, I'm an inventor!"
ch"The best there is!"
y"That's really cool!"
ch"Aha."
y"..."
ch"..."
y simple"Anything else?"
ch"Oh, no, that would be it."
ch"Pretty self explanatory."
ch"Find me for useful items and trinkets."
ch"Take it away, Dallan."
d"Right, moving on a second time."
She has the weirdo energy for sure, but I like it, she's cute, and has big 'qualities' so..
un tease"Agreed, huge boobs."
Hey, that's not very polite of you, women are to be respected.
un simple"But you jus-"
Shush.
un ang"But I-"
I said SHUSH.
un bored"*sigh*"
d"This is Oliver, vice leader of the Sorcery Shard."
d"Oliver, if you may."
o"r-roger."
o"M-my-"
He's shaking.
o"M-my name is O-"
y"Oliver."
o"Yes, c-correct."
o"Uhm."
o"What else."
o"I'm the, the sorcery, uhm, what do you call-"
y"The vice leader of the Sorcery Shard."
o"Yeah."
o"w-wait how do you, know all that?"
y"Dallan just said it."
o"Of course, haha, silly me."
o"Uhm, I'll just..."
o"go have some tea then."
A name and function is all we're going to get then.
d"Oliver is very shy around strangers, and gets easily distracted, but he's the hardest worker here, at least when it comes to paperwork and homework."
d"Oh, and this here is-"
ha"I can introduce myself, thank you very much."
d"The floor is yours?"
ha"Yeah."
ha"Greetings, my name is Haima."
The next one is a...
Uhm, I'm not exactly sure what they are.
Neither can I make out their sex or gender.
coming out of it."
ha"I'm the leader of the Slayer's Shard, and the only leader without a vice apparently."
ha"I heard you managed to befriend him already."
ha"The tiger that just ran out the door like his tail caught on fire?"
y simple"Debatable."
ha"So if you catch him again, tell him he's dead."
y awkward"W-will do!"
ha"I can see you staring at my arm and-"
y asleep"W-what? No, no, I'm not, I mean what arm?"
y"My eyes are closed."
ha"It's fine, you get a pass because you're new, all you need to know is that it's a curse."
ha"And no, you don't have to worry about it, unless you make me angry."
un simple"That curse seems familiar..."
y simple"Gotcha."
y"Soo, about Aiden."
ha"What about him?"
y"Is he not around much?"
ha"Ha."
ha"I'm lucky to see him for 30 minutes a day."
ha"And he's lucky he brings all the paperwork on time, God knows when he even does it."
They look at their imaginary watch under the sleeve.
ha"I believe this is all the time I have."
By their bored expression I can tell they do, in fact, have time, just not for me...
un tease"I don't blame them."
un"You are quite boring."
I do not need to be roasted today.
d"Next in line is-"
th"I believe we've met already, [name]."
y happy1"We sure did, uhm, Therium, right?"
th"ding ding ding."
th"Vice leader of the Summoner's Shard."
th"Our leader isn't present right now, but no worries."
th"He doesn't have the Slayer syndrome."
Haima gives him a murderous look across the room.
th"And unfortunately, I also do not have much time on my hands."
th"But I do hope I can see you again."
th"If not as a member of our Shard, at least around."
th"Eye candy is hard to come by these days."
y blush"That was intense, he... there is something about that guy."
d"That would be all of them, for now."
d"Oh, and that one."
He points towards the fox lady talking with Tate.
d"Her name is Merina, leader of the Sorcery Shard."
d"You'll have a chance to talk to her later, maybe."
d"She seems busy."
d"What did you think of the lot?"
y"They seemed nice enough."
y"Very different from each other."
Looking over I see that the Headmaster talking to Tate and Merina.
Although it would seem that he's not very interested in her.
And ignoring her looked quite hard, considering her semi-panicked state.
She tries to speak at any pause in the Headmaster's words, but it's proving ineffective.
He was definitely upset at the cat with ears leaned back.
Tate, as always, tries to keep a smile on his face, and barely succeeding.
y simple "Wouldn't want to be in poor Tate's place."
d "You should meet the Headmaster in person, too!"
y shoked "I just said I don't- woAah, ok."
Dallan takes my arm and basically drags me over to him.
y worried"I don't think now it's the time Dall-"
D "Good afternoon, Mr. Argus!"
H "Ah."
The Headmaster gestures for Tate and Merina to leave, which they do, sulking
H "Dallan, correct?"
D "Yes sir, Dallan Heart, at your disposal!"
H "I've heard great things about you."
H "I hope to experience them in person, now that I'm fully in command."
D "Certainly!"
D "I will not disappoint!"
h "That's what I like to hear."
H "As for you."
*gulp*
h "What an exceptional young mind, the only other first year to show up to the meeting."
h "But unlike that one."
He gestures towards the sad cat.
h "I don't think I should give you detention on the first day, right?"
y smileworry"No sir!"
H "Good boy."
So Tate got detention, huh?
At least I got my answer early.
D "His name is [name]!"
Dallan shouts my name like I'm his new stuffed animal he just got for Christmas.
Un "And I can feel it got you excited, pervert."
I didn't have an objectification kink before meeting you…
un tease"I know, you're welcome!"
H "Yes, I remember, after all, I'm probably the first to know his name at this academy."
D "Right, because of all the documents, haha."
D "I'm so STUPID!"
d "It WON'T happen again!"
A bit of an overreaction.
H "Hm."
H "Anyway."
H "I'll be seeing you around, Dallan."
D "Yes, I will… be expecting you."
H "Expect to see me around sometime too, [name], I like to observe all my people from time to time."
He gives me a wink.
Turns around and leaves with a flick of his tail.
I didn't even realize I was struggling to hold my back straight until he closed the door behind him.
y "He was a little…"
d "AMAZING!"
y pf "Suuuure."
d "He is so professional and inspirational."
Dallan looks like he's about to shed a tear.
Or implode in a supernova.
d "I hope I can be like that someday."
y smug "Got a crush?"
D "No no, he's not my type, too big."
He answered to that unironically?
Likes smaller guys, noted.
d "So, [name], you're new here, what are your plans?"
y simple "Well, graduating would be a good objective."
d "I mean for right now, considering the meeting is over and there are no classes yet."
y smileworry "Oh, uhm, I don't have many ideas, thought I might hang out around here, if you don't mind."
d "I doubt you'd like these dusty old meeting rooms more than the outside."
d "The academy is much more beautiful than you might think."
d "Everyone says it, even the ones who aren't necessarily fans of this place."
d "You just HAVE to get familiar with everything."
un "Oh no, he wants to get rid of you."
un tease "Isn't that just disappointing?"
un bored "Guess we can say goodbye to this relationship."
This hurts more than I thought it would...
y sad "Uhm, yeah, you might be right."
y "I'll just get out of your fur."
D "Just let me take some papers with me and make sure to tell Chelsie where I'm going real quick."
D "Or else she'll freak out."
D "I'll meet you in the hallway."
y surprised "You're.. coming with me?"
D "But of course!"
D "I want to show you every nook and cranny of this place."
D "It's the least I can do, seeing how attentive you were the entire meeting."
D "I'll be honest."
D "I was starting to bore myself at times, can't blame Tate for falling asleep."
D "Well, maybe passing out the moment I opened my mouth was a little excessive to be honest."
y blush "It was nothing."
y "How can I not pay attention when everyone is so interesting, not to mention completely new?"
D "They really are an interesting bunch, huh?"
D "And I'm glad you're a people's person as well!"
More of an attractive people's person.
Ha! see Scribbles?
My downfall will not come that soon!
un "I sure hope it doesn't, our bargain relies on it."
un tease"But if you stumble on the way, I'm not complaining."
un "More amusement for me."
I walk out into the hall and wait by the door.
My feet trembling slightly.
y blush "He's so big…"
un bored "And so dumb."
y "So dreamy…"
un "For a wolf."
y "And that cute tail wag…"
un "Didn't know primal instincts were something to fantasize about."
y pf "Ok, what's wrong with you Scribbles?"
un curious "What?"
un "I'm only speaking the truth."
un "Literally."
y bored"Are you jealous or something?"
un bored "Pff, {i}'jealous'{/i}"
un bored "You are like an omelet on the sidewalk."
un "Eye catching for sure, but utterly useless and meaningless."
un "Do not even try to play your mind games with me."
y smug "Got a little defensive there."
un "I'll go browse the 'intern at' from your brain."
un "Do not bother me with your nonsense."
un "It's the one thing in there that isn't dead, rotten or withered."
Do as you wish.
I'm not complaining on some alone thoughts.
Other furs pass by as I lay by the door, with my back to the wall, I study each one as closely as I can.
At first it was to gather information, now it's just for fun.
It is surprisingly boring not having another entity invading your mind from time to time.
They either have attractive bodies, funny haircuts or interesting clothes.
A common theme around was leaving very little to the imagination.
Just the simple action of squatting as I am now, makes most skirts passing by useless.
Scribbles would make a lot of comments, probably misogynistic ones.
So it's probably for the best that he's busy.
The raccoon girl named Chelsie comes in a rush out the door.
Thankfully the door opens on the inside, so my heart didn't quite burst through my ribcage.
She runs past.
Sees me and doubles back, jogging in place.
ch "Hey there, newbie!"
y simple"It's [name], hi."
ch "You're still here! Good."
ch "Seeing how invested you already are in our business."
ch "Would you like to help me out with a new invention?"
Ch "You'll mostly have to test it actually, not really work on it."
y "I would say yes."
y "But Dallan is supposed to give me a tour of the campus in a minute."
ch "Oh, I don't mean right this moment."
ch "I still have some loose bolts and screws to tighten if you know what I mean."
y "Didn't you mean that literally?"
Ch "Ha!"
Ch"..."
Ch "Yeah."
Ch "Hey, it could be your last stop on the tour!"
Ch "My office."
Ch "Or as I like to call it."
Ch "The Workshop."
y simple "Very creative."
Ch "Thanks!"
Ch "But don't tell anyone."
Ch "It's not supposed to be a workshop."
ch "It's an office."
Ch "Filled with boring old papers, books and nothing else!"
Ch "Nothing explosive…"
y "Oook?"
Ch "Dallan is usually the one that helps me, but he won't be able to with this one."
y "So you're ok with asking this from a stranger?"
Ch "Yep."
ch "You know."
Ch "This way I won't get emotionally attached in case oooooffff…"
Ch "…"
y pf "Of?"
Ch "Of the need for very intense physical therapy."
Ch "To put it simply."
y "oh"
Ch "…"
Ch "So will you do it?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I help her later?
→ Absolutely!
→ What did I get myself into…?
→ She takes her leave, without another word.
→ Look who is back already.
→ In my defense, I didn't intentionally watch any of that.
→ I have a bad feeling about this.
→ She takes her leave.
→ I wonder if I just dodged a bullet or made a mistake
→ Oh, she's back.
→ She goes away again.
--- END CHOICES ---

Dallan comes back a second later carrying a small suitcase with his stuff inside.
He takes the luggage from me as well.
D "Let me carry that, it looks heavy."
d "We'll put it in my office for now and you can come back for it anytime."
y s"Sounds good, so I'm assuming we're stopping at the Defender Shard's place?"
D "You're right on that."
D "But you might want to call it 'headquarters'."
D "The members are very serious when it comes to titles."
D "Makes them feel special."
y ec"Understood."
To my surprise Dallan takes my hand as we start walking.
It wasn't anything special, it felt kind of…
Professional?
The grip was firm and confident.
I'm trying not to think much about it.
But it's hard.
Along with other things at this moment.
Trying to focus on our walk, I see many furs hurrying past, some with worried faces and a map in hand.
Something I could relate to, if I didn't just get the hottest guy in town as a personal guide.
Some of the people were humming a happy tune.
I look at the happy wolf walking beside me.
I can relate to that as well.
But all of them stopped to greet Dallan, either by name or by his position as leader, and even gave ME a nod of acknowledgement.
D "Look at you, mister popular on the first day."
y smug"If I'm hanging around the big boys."
y "Then I sure can be popular."
D "Don't worry."
D "People around here are actually very nice."
D "Usually."
D "Maybe too nice sometimes."
y pf"Too nice?"
y "Is that a thing?"
D "Well, let's just say it's easy to be surrounded by lust."
That is actually giving me all the information I need to understand what he means…
And honestly, it kind of excites me.
D "So if anyone invites you over, expect… stuff to happen."
He blushes while saying that.
You don't see that from everybody when your daily life is sexualized so much.
We arrive in front of a door with the defender's emblem on it.
D "Here it is!"
y simple"It doesn't look much different from all the other doors."
D "Our job is to follow rules and respect people."
D "We pride ourselves with a humble nature."
Un "Being prideful about humbleness is kind of ironic."
He opens the door.
Unlike the door, the room itself looks luxurious.
Everyone here looks like a noble.
All their clothes resemble some kind of suit, similar to Dallan.
But each has their own twist.
And were definitely more glamorous.
I can just imagine how out of place Chelsie looks in here.
I only got a glimpse of all that once Dallan opened the door.
Then he stops and turns towards me.
D "Sorry, it's a strict policy that only members of the Shard can enter one's headquarters unless it is an emergency."
y pf"I read about that actually, hoped you might forget."
D "Ha, not a chance!"
D "Who do you think I am?"
D "Duty before all!"
He comes closer and whispers.
D "Do you actually want to come in?"
D "Because I could just make something up if you really want to."
y awkward"No no, that's fine, I don't want to upset anyone, besides, we're only here to drop off our stuff."
D "Right, ok."
D "I'll be back in a sec."
As soon as he walks inside and shuts the door, I can hear members assaulting him.
In a good way.
There were thuds in the door which I assumed were him getting jump-hugged or overwhelmed and pushed back.
The door is thin enough to hear them.
st "Hey Dallan! How was the meeting?!"
st2 "Hey, look over there, we got fresh meat! A lot of new members this year!"
D "Oh, hello new friends."
st"And we even scored one of those special guys!"
st4"She's big."
d "Can't wait to meet her!"
st3 "Whathca got there? Need some help carrying it?"
D "No no, no need I'm fine, I just need to get these things to my office."
st "Oh don't worry about it, I'll get them."
st4 "I'll help!"
D "A-alright, guess that works, haha."
D "That concludes my visit then."
D "I'll see you all later."
D "Can't wait to meet all the new members properly!"
st3 "Aww, do you really have to go?"
st "Can't you have a drink with us at least?"
st2 "We have bendy straws!"
D "Afraid not, got a promise to keep."
st "To whom?"
st3 "Yeah!"
st3 "Who's the chump?!"
st4 "Ooohh, when I put my hands on that-"
He opens and closes the door as fast as he can.
d "Hopefully nobody will follow me."
D "Sorry about that."
y simple "They seem…"
y "Passionate."
d "Forgive them."
d "They can be a bit much."
I can see that, by the sweat dripping on his forehead.
D "But it seems like we're all set to go."
D "Shall we?"
y smug"Show me the way, mister leader man."
y "I mentioned this before."
y "And no offense, but you are much more popular than I thought."
d "Ha, none taken, you are not far off, they're all worriers, but I find them very sweet as well."
d "I'm thankful to have so many great friends."
d "You'll be the same in no time."
d "I can feel the kindness in you."
un surprised"He must be thinking about me."
un heart"Yes my dear muscular knucklehead, I'm right here, underneath this pound of flesh."
un "Hey, get me closer so he can sense me a little harder."
Shut up…
y ec"I can't keep all the credit."
y "You emanate so much kindness yourself, that it rubs off on me."
d "I'm flattered you think that, I do try to be the best version of myself, as hypocritical as that might sound."
y surprised"Doesn't sound that way at all."
y ec"That's what we should all strive for."
un squint "{i}*Cough cough*{/i} kissass."
D "Then we have very common interests."
D "Oh, we're approaching one of the main classrooms."
D "Here is where most of the theoretical lessons are being held for the Defender's Shard."
D "Of course it's just one of many."
y s"How many students does it fit?"
D "Exactly one hundred, all of them are the same."
y "And how many students does the academy hold in total?"
D "Hard to say, this year we have slightly more than average accepted applicants."
D "Mostly because sixty percent of them are fated to fail the test."
D "That much we were told."
D "That's why they decided to give more people a try."
d "And even before, the entrance exams would get rid of about twenty percent."
y simple"{i}*Gulp*{/i}"
d "Oh but you don't have to worry about that, we never had anyone come here through a recommendation and not be super cool."
D "I bet you're the coolest of them all."
y awkward"Haha, careful on what you bet."
y bored"{size=-8} might go into debt {/size}"
d "So to answer your questions, I'd say around five thousand students at the moment."
D "Give or take."
y simple"Quite a hefty number."
D "I disagree, we have students from all over the world, being one of the best hunter academies out there, and yet, most fall just below the acceptance requirements."
D "Or are too intimidated to even try."
d "So those are rookie numbers"
D "Oh, here is the library."
d "How do you do on reading?"
y smug"My second favorite activity."
d "Then you'll love this one!"
D "Hope I don't arouse you too much, but this library holds over 10 million books."
That's not the part of you that arouses me...
D "If you look from the outside, you can see a large lone tower on the east wing, that whole thing is this place, filled with books from top to bottom."
y surprised"Woah!"
y simple"…"
y "But why?"
D "Because when you have no internet, having a large variety of books is suddenly very appealing before a test."
D "Sure, you can leave the barrier for that, but it's kind of far away and it's surrounded by Nightfallen, so this is the safest option."
y "Is this the only library?"
D "There are two more, smaller in size, with only academy relevant books in them."
d "We also have book stores on campus, near the market."
D "But I don't advise wasting your money on those."
y "Do you spend a lot of time in there?"
y "The library I mean."
y s"You seem very excited about it."
D "Who, me?"
D "Nah, there aren't many books for me, unfortunately."
y smug"I know exactly how you feel, and don't blame you."
D "I do listen to audio books while I workout, maybe you'll join me sometime."
D "I'm at the end of my newest book and don't have the energy to start another story from 0."
y "As long as it's mostly cardio."
d "Ha, fine, you're the boss."
D "Here are the training rooms, the walls are coated with magic so you don't have to worry about damaging them."
D "Unless you have a super powerful Demon's magic or something, heh!"
y awkward"HAHAHA…"
y "ha…"
y simple"No, no I don't."
D "Aaaanyway."
D "It's where we'll do, well, all the combat and stuff."
D "Maybe we two will have a one on one."
D "Would love to see you on top of me."
y blush"W-what do you mean?"
D "On the score board."
D "Not to pet my own head, but it's been a while since someone bested me in combat."
D "Haima is the only one that can come close, but they usually stay out of combat against other people."
D "So it would be fun to have my face pressed against the ground by someone like you."
Is he doing it on purpose?
Un squint "I Think he's just really, really stupid."
Don't call him that.
y "I could certainly give it a try."
y smug"But no promises I'll be the one on top."
We walk up the stairs to the second floor.
Dallan shows me some of the staff's offices, their meeting room and laboratories.
The basic stuff.
On the next floor there were P.E rooms, because of course we need P.E, even after high school.
There were also more gathering rooms but even bigger than the one from earlier, for festivities and such, he explained.
After a while, the whole guide thing stopped being about the places, and more about the person that was guiding me.
If it ever even was about those in the first place.
They say a guy is more attractive when he's passionate about something.
And Dallan sure is passionate about this place, I can see a twinkle in his eyes every time we go by an important room.
un suspicious"Passion?"
un "All I see is fatigue."
Scribbles isn't completely wrong this time.
His gaze is excited and friendly.
But his dark circles beneath the eyes shows how overworked he is.
He talks a lot with his eyes closed.
I wouldn't be surprised if he could guide me through everything with a blindfold on.
His unbreakable, constant smile is contagious as well.
Pair that with all the people we keep bumping into that are just so nice to us, I'd say this first day is a big success.
D "And that hallway is all about the student council, we don't have any business with them right now, so let's move on."
y simple"Are they the type that have more control than the teachers around here?"
D "Hmm?"
D "Oh no, not at all."
D "Why would they?"
D "They only help with the more tedious tasks the teachers or Shard leaders don't want to deal with."
D "You probably won't meet any of them before classes start anyway."
D "Where did you even get that from?"
y pf "Definitely not TV..."
y "But good to know."
D "They tried to stuff me in the council a couple of times, but I got out!"
d "Those guys really don't do much…"
d "Don't tell them I said that."
y s"Can't, have no idea who they are."
d "Great."
y smileworry"Uhm, what about restrooms?"
D "My goodness, I forgot about those completely."
D "We passed a couple on the way."
D "There is one nearby if you need to use it."
y ec"I'd like that."
We get to the next floor, that being the last one too.
Dallan shows me a simple door with the male symbol on it.
Two more similar doors after it.
Very inclusive.
y smileworry"It will take a second."
Dallan gives me a nod and wanders in a random direction out of politeness.
I walk inside.
The restroom was nothing particularly special.
It looked like any other restroom from public schools.
The only difference is that it's cleaner, smelled nicer and it had gold accents here and there.
Ok maybe a little special.
Overall an improvement but not perfection.
Now, for the most important question of the day.
Which should I choose.
un bored"I'm sure this decision will be veeery crucial."
un "Just as everything you ever do."
un squint"Like the rules of the universe are orbiting around you, for some reason."
un "Strange."
anyway.

--- CHOICES ---
→ I'll just…
→ Go for a urinal
→ I do my business like always.
→ Don't forget to wash my hands.
→ I take a while to check my fur in the mirror.
→ It's looking pretty good, if I can say so myself.
→ I thought I heard something in one of the stalls, but no feet were visible.
→ I dry my paws, which takes so damn long.
→ I might have to trim this fur sometime…
→ Taking the opportunity while I'm alone I decide to take off my pants and check myself out for…
→ Reasons.
→ This is a reasonable thing to do, right?
→ I pull my pants back up and walk towards the door.
→ …
→ …
→ …
→ Go for a stall
→ I never go for urinals, always the stall.
→ I know guys are expected to use those… but why?
→ Why would I want people watching me?
→ In a school full of quote-unquote 'lust'?
→ No thank you.
→ All of them seem to be empty, so I pick the closest one to the door.
→ I take out my phone to see if I got any notifications, I'm not sure if those are even supposed to work here, but I was curious, and didn't want to be on my phone while talking with Dallan.
→ I'd miss out on looking at that handsome face.
→ …
→ 'Updating…'
→ 'aprox. 2 minutes.'
→ Just perfect...
→ I place it on the toilet paper roll and unzip my pants.
→ You better be fast, phone.
→ And you better not peek, Scribbles.
→ I do my business like always, but without looking down, flush, and absolutely not forget to wash my hands.
→ I use a paper towel and a dryer for extra fast dryness.
→ I inspect my face in the mirror in front of me and groom some stray pieces of fur on my cheek.
→ I go towards the door, open it and-
→ ...
→ Damn it.
→ I forgot my phone.
→ I close the door again and move towards my stall.
→ Suddenly, I hear two thuds coming from one of the stalls.
→ What the fuck what the fuck what the fuck is happening.
→ I freeze in place.
→ What do I do?

--- CHOICES ---
→ What do I do???
→ Stand there silently and let them finish
→ I slowly put the lid of the toilet down, sit and raise my legs to my chest
→ Like a kid whose parents are fighting downstairs.
→ I scroll through my phone for a bit, not forgetting to set it on silent first.
→ Wouldn't that be awkward otherwise?
→ All while their moans and grunts seem to only get louder.
→ Killing my hopes.
→ All I can do is imagine the bottom's body slamming against the stall wall as the top thrusts into him.
→ …
→ I thought they were almost done, how wrong I was...
→ There is somebody, and they're not happy
→ Ughh, I cover my ears at this point, it's too much.
→ After another minute or so of hard shoves, I can hear their final moans and breaths of relief.
→ I hear the door open and close.
→ I wait a minute to make sure they're gone and get out of the stall.
→ Gonna need to wash my hands again just for hearing all that.
→ On the first day too…
→ That's… 
→ Fair.
→ But we will provide essential energy and security for people in exchange for our bodies.
→ Plus we can always kill the Nightfallen without seducing them.
→ Touche.
→ I walk out of the restroom with Dallan outside the door.
→ His ears perk up when he hears the door and his tail starts wagging when he sees me.
→ Nothing suspicious in that.
→ Walk out right now
→ I grow some balls and decide to just walk out, I don't know these people, they don't know me.
→ Never seen each other's faces either.
→ Embarrassing them won't affect me in any way.
→ It might even be a learning experience for them, to not fuck in a public restroom.
→ I shut the door behind me and that's that.
→ Prank em'
→ An idea comes to mind.
→ I walk in front of their stall.
→ This will show them, fucking in a public bathroom without a care in the world.
→ I knock on the door.
→ Jazz music stops.
→ Dead silence followed my question.
→ Hehehe, they must be so red right now, doubt they'll ever-
→ Then some whispers.
→ Followed by a door crack, an eye looking directly at me.
→ They open the door completely.
→ Their pants are off.
→ I can see the guy's junk still inside the other one.
→ The top takes his cock out of the bottom, steps back a little, then gestures to me with his hand.
→ What is happening?
→ It was supposed to just scare them, not this…

--- CHOICES ---
→ What do I do?!
→ I was joking!
→ NO!
→ I cant!
→ What about Dallan!?
→ Gotta remain pure for him!
→ How will I show myself in front of him after being sandwiched in a bathroom with two complete strangers?
→ I stay silent, look at them for a while, wide eyed and flabbergasted.
→ Then make a heel turn and walk out.
→ I can hear one of them do a disappointed sigh.
→ The other one a low growl.
→ What the hell... join them
→ I glance at my growing erection.
→ Dallan might have to wait a little.
→ After some consideration, I take a step inside the stall.
→ Which makes them very happy.
→ The bottom is already arching his back.
→ I reach for my belt before getting sandwiched in between them, but the top stops me.
→ He takes my hand and drags me in between them.
→ He guides his hands down my waist, to my belt, as the coyote in front of me backs up his ass, rubbing my crotch.
→ This has instantly become twenty times hotter.
→ The teasing continued for only a minute.
→ They were both pent up even before I showed up.
→ So obviously they'd be eager to restart their pleasure.
→ After they can both feel my now throbbing erection, clearly visible on the side of my pants.
→ The coyote behind me unzips my fly with a swift movement.
→ Pulls down my pants then slowly drags down my underwear.
→ Slowly revealing the base of my penis, bending downwards from the pressure he uses while pulling.
→ Which makes it spring back up when the last bit of fabric leaves the tip of my erection.
→ Even moments before having sex, it's hard not to feel embarrassed about being naked from the waist down.
→ A cold breeze chills my thighs and crotch area, traveling up my torso through the gap left by the absence of pants, to keep my shirt tucked in