.
d "You must be hungry."
d "I'll go get us something."
d "It's a good excuse to fill myself with energy as well."
d "Any allergies?"
y awkward"Not that I know of."
d "Great."
He leaves the room with a straighter back than he came in with.
The sleep must be rubbing away.
I arrange my sleeping bag on the floor.
As I observe the room, I notice that it is mostly empty.
No decorations, not even blinds.
The desk seems like the only thing that's somewhat messy.
Dallan does like to keep stuff inside cabinets and drawers, but I'm not going to start snooping around.
The view from the windows is impressive.
And the windowsills are big and cushioned.
Perfect for relaxing with a cup of hot coffee.
d "Apologies for the wait."
d "I forgot to ask if you have any preferences, so I got a bunch of different foods."
y "I'm not picky, I could eat a horse."
y smug"Or any other large animal."
Considering the desk was full, we settled upon the windowsill, with paper plates in hand and a buffet of food on the floor.
I was so hungry that I didn't even realize how much food there actually was.
There were burgers, fries, pasta, salad, and pies for dessert.
I thought we'd have a lot of leftovers as well, but boy was I wrong.
That man can eat.
I won't lie, I did eat almost an entire pie by myself.
Sue me.
Back to the scenery.
The room is very clean, considering how empty it is.
And the door we entered through looks very sturdy.
Enough to endure a hydraulic door blaster.
The sound of munching died down as less and less food remained, so it's time for conversation.
y smug"Hey Dallan, how do you do with small talk?"
d "I'm a master."
d "With large and medium talk as well."
d "I love talking."
d "It's the best way to really know someone."
y "Because you shouldn't judge a book by its cover?"
d "Bingo."
d "But I suppose, after a day spent together, there isn't much room for small talk."
y "Shall we skip directly to trauma dumping?"
d "Are you saying a sweet cinnamon roll like yourself has trauma?"
d "Point to whoever did it, I'll take care of them!"
y "Everyone has a dark secret or two."
d "That I can agree with."
y simple"..."
y "Can I ask you something?"
d "If it's about my dark secret, I'll only tell if you do."
y awkward"Nah, it's not that."
y pf"Although, you've piqued my curiosity and we will definitely discuss that at some point."
y simple"If you have so much to do."
y "Why did you waste time with me today?"
d "…"
d "I think…"
d "Sorry, this might sound a bit disrespectful."
d "But, my reason was to get away from my responsibilities for a while."
d "With the pretext of helping a new year."
d "I know, a bit of a dick move."
d "I don't blame you for being mad."
y simple"I'm not mad, not even upset."
d "You're not?"
y smileworry"Maybe I would've been if I didn't know what you were going through every day."
y "I don't regret being your shoulder to lean on for an afternoon."
I'd even do it again, a hundred times.
Take advantage of me as much as you want.
un "Down bad."
d "Then maybe you'll offer this lying wolf another chance."
d "To give you a proper hang out session?"
y "It would be my pleasure."
At this point we're more than done eating.
I help Dallan throw away the rubbish and the little leftovers we had.
My eyes start to close for longer and longer periods of time between each blink.
d "You should go to sleep, I have some more stuff to do here."
y sleepy"Don't have to tell me twice."
d "Good night, [name]."
y "Cya in the morning."
Sleep crept up on me like a predator.
So I almost didn't get to lament that Dallan was not going to sleep beside me.
I try to force myself to stay awake, to trick my mind, commanding you shouldn't sleep with a full stomach, but my eyes did not agree with me.
I watch Dallan sit back at his table and work, using the faintly glowing device.
I was too tired to get my nose in his business, so maybe another time.
…
…
I wake up in the middle of the night for some water.
The room has gotten colder, my bare feet treading lazily upon the hard floor, and I see Dallan still asleep at his table.
His fur fluffed up and trembling.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Cover him up.
→ Don't bother him.
--- END CHOICES ---

I know I said snooping was a bad idea, but I just have to find a blanket for him.
I open up the same drawer he got the sleeping bags from and-
Bingo.
I put a blanket on his shoulders and he immediately stops shivering.
I really shoudldn't risk waking him up, he needs the sleep.
I decide to go get a glass of water from one of the coolers I saw in the other room.
After doing so, I go back to sleep.
No interference, no nightmares.
Just an image of a door.
A locked, white-pink colored door.
Covered in violets and vines.
It's key is already in my hand, but I can't find the lock beneath the plants.
I'll need to find a way to get rid of those…
I wake up with the first rays of sunshine in my eyes.
I didn't have enough time to…
What did I dream about again?
I already forgot.
y sleepy"Ughh, why doesn't this office have no damn blinds."
My mood immediately improves upon seeing Dallan's steady breathing, with a smile on his face.
I'm already too attached to this guy...
I should probably go get Chelsie so she can help with the 'tech' stuff.
I get to the door and stop.
y simple"..."
I hear noise, a lot of noise.
Oh, it's probably just the Shard members.
Un surprised"Wait wait wait."
Un "You can't get out."
y "Huh?"
y "Why not?"
Un eyeroll"Did you forget these rule obsessed idiots' thing about not being in their room if you're not a member?"
y "Ohhhh…"
y "Right."
y worried"Shit, how do I get out then?"
un bored"I propose we ask our boyfriend."
He's not my-
Did you say 'our'?
No way I'm sharing him with you.
Un eyeroll"You have no choice, I can feel anything you feel."
Un "And I'm sure as hell going to feel ten inches of meat inside your stomach."
You really think he's packing… ten?
Un squint"I don't fucking know!"
Un "I'm not the dick inspector."
Un "Jokes are not your forte, so why not proceed to wake him up and solve this dilemma together?"
But how should I approach this?

--- CHOICES ---
→ How do I want to wake him up?
→ Gentle tap on the shoulder.
→ Dallan sleeps so peacefully. It looks like the smallest breeze or sound is going to wake him up.
→ Sleeping at your desk doesn't sound like the best idea for your spine, but he makes it look so comfortable.
→ He's holding tight to the blanket I gave him.
→ I decide to approach him slowly and gently wake him up, whispering.
→ His eyes remain closed, but he shifts and moans.
→ A shiver goes down my spine hearing those words.
→ I shake him just a little more.
→ Kiss on the cheek.
→ Without his consent?
→ I don't think so.
→ I can feel my body getting hot as I look at the peaceful wolf.
→ It's because of that damn side effect of yours.
→ It's hard to resist the temptation.
→ So I give in to the demon's words.
→ I lean down, taking a second to steel my nerves.
→ Watching his face, his snout directed straight at me, his fur smooth, it's short, but looks so soft.
→ Let's not screw this up.
→ I get closer to his cheek, close my eyes, and plant the most gentle kiss with the tip of my maw.
→ His nose twitched.
→ My heart nearly jumped out of my chest.
→ As I get back to my straight-as-an-uncooked-spaghetti-noodle position, I can see his eyes slowly opening.
→ Did my kiss actually wake him up?
→ It's fine!
→ Let's not panic.
→ I'll just change the subject fast before he brings it up, if he did really feel it.
→ DALLAAAAAAAAAAAN!!!
→ I try to lightly shake him awake first.
→ Obviously that does nothing, he went to sleep late, he must be very tired.
→ And I don't want to slap him or anything like that, so screaming it is.
→ I take a deep breath and here it goes.
→ *Inhales*
→ DA-
→ A big paw suddenly grabs my mouth tightly shut.
→ He removes his hand from my mouth without even opening his eyes.
→ His hand falls limp again and soft snores can be heard coming from him.
→ Fine! But not because you told me to.
→ Since he already woke up once, or maybe it was just some type of sleepwalking, I figured a little shaking would do the job this time.
→ Aaaand I was right.
→ Dallan wakes up with, I assume, no memory of me trying to scream to wake him.
--- END CHOICES ---

y "Dallan, I think we have a problem."
Now he is fully awake.
He raises his head and does a biiiiig stretch and yawn.
Although he smiled the whole day yesterday, I never realized just how big and sharp those teeth are.
d "Oh, good morning, [name]."
d "Did you say problems?"
d "Is it a bigger problem than this back pain?"
d "Remind me to never fall asleep at my desk."
d "And I'm hungry again."
y "I think it might be a little bigger than that."
d "Sounds important."
He got all serious instantly.
y "Well, you remember how you said your members don't like it when someone that's not from this Shard enters the headquarters?"
d "Yes, of course, how could I forget?"
d "I am literally the leader of this Shard."
d "Is this some kind of test?"
d "Why would you bring it up- oooohhhh…."
D "Right."
y "Got it now?"
d "Got it."
d "They must be here already, huh?"
un bored"A little slow, but he has the spirit."
y simple"Yep."
d "I overslept..."
d "Ok, let me think."
y "What would happen if I just walked out?"
d "Best case scenario?"
d "You'll be given the cold shoulder by everyone in the Shard after being violently kicked out."
y "Guess I don't want to know the worst…"
d "You don't…"
d "Oh, I know!"
He takes out his phone and speaks out a command.
d "Call Aiden."
phone "Calling – Aiden."
y "Can Aiden get me out of here somehow?"
d "Maybe not, but Tate can!"
y surprised"Oh I forgot, teleportation!"
d "Yes, unfortunately he has no phone."
d "So let's hope Aiden can-"
d "Oh Hi!"
d "Good morning Aiden, how have you slept?"
a "{i}Get to the point.{/i}"
d "Fair."
d "Listen, [name] spent the night here with me and-"
a "{i}Already?{/i}"
a "{i}Huh.{/i}"
a "{i}I really thought I'd be the first to-{/i}"
a "{i}Never mind.{/i}"
a "{i}What were you saying?{/i}"
d "He's in my office right now and I need a way to get him out without the other members seeing him."
a "{i}Ooohh, that bullshit, I get it, you and your stupid rules.{/i}"
a "{i}Thank God, I thought you two were fucking.{/i}"
d "You're on speaker."
a "{i}Fffuuuucking with me right now.{/i}"
a "{i}That's what I meant, obviously.{/i}"
a "{i}Let me finish my thoughts next time.{/i}"
a "{i}Hey, [name].{/i}"
y "Hi Aiden!"
a "{i}What do you want me to do anyway?{/i}"
d "Can you get Tate for us, so he can teleport him out?"
a "{i}Why do you always assume I know where that idiot is?{/i}"
d "I'm not saying you always know…"
d "But do you know now?"
a "…"
d "Aiden?"
a "{i}He said he'd be in the library.{/i}"
a "{i}Wants to see how many sounds he can make with his mouth until the new librarian quits…{/i}"
d "Great!"
d "That's not too far from here, can you get him and teleport into my office pleaseeee?"
a "{i}I don't know…{/i}"
a "{i}I'm kind of busy.{/i}"
I approach the phone.
y worried"Aiden, please!"
y "I don't want to be violently kicked out."
a "{i}*Sigh*{/i}"
a "{i}Fine.{/i}"
a "{i}Be there in a minute.{/i}"
d "Thanks!"
y ec"You're a lifesaver!"
a "{i}Yeah yeah...{/i}"
{i}*Click*{/i}
y s"Nice phone by the way."
d "Thank you, it's the newest model, so I was told."
d "Or at least the newest from last year?"
d "I'm not a tech fan myself, but it was a gift from a friend."
y surprised"Wow, what a friend, this must cost a fortune."
d "I suppose."
d "It does help a lot in my daily activities."
d "You saw how I didn't even have to type Aiden's number in."
d "I just told it to call him."
y smug"Yeah, modern technology likes to interact with us as little as possible."
y "Is that a sign of concern perhaps?"
d "Nah, no way."
d "It's not like it's alive or something."
y awkward"You're right, what am I saying, haha."
We both giggle while looking at our phones, then the PC on the desk.
Smiles slowly fading into deep thought.
y "So, when do you think Tate will-"
t "TELEPORTATION!"
y surprised"AHGH!"
a "Sup?"
Dallan was not very surprised by their sudden appearance.
However, he did start wagging his tail a second later.
t "I HEAR THERE IS A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS AROUND HERE!"
d "Hey guys, you made it."
Tate throws his body at me, he's not that heavy, but with my already shaking legs, it was too much and ended up falling on my butt.
The cat didn't seem to mind where my butt was, he was just purring and hugging.
Aiden scoffs.
a "Yeah, we're here, now come on."
a "Teleport us out and let's forget about this whole deal."
a "Seriously, why would you spend the night here, [name]?"
a "Did you forget about their stupid rules?"
y simple"I-"
a "Actually, it's your fault, mister rule man."
a"You can recite the whole rule book in your sleep, but can't remember to get him out before dawn?"
d "I just… didn't want him to go that early."
Dallan makes the sweetest puppy eyes and I can't help but melt right there.
Aiden sighs and pulls Tate away from me like a foxtail seed.
At least his claws on my fur sure felt like that.
t "Ughh, fiiiine, I'll get us out."
t "But, taking someone with me takes a lot of my magic, so you are all in my debt."
y simple"If it's so hard, why did you bring Aiden with you?"
t "He insisted."
a "For that exact same reason."
a "I doubt you want to be in his 'debt'."
a "So, I'm here to propose that I make us invisible and we get out of here quietly."
t "Hey!"
t "You didn't tell me you were planning on betraying me like that!"
t "[name], please don't fire me, I promise my demands won't be too high."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Teleportation or invisibility?
→ Teleportation
→ Tate takes my hand.
→ The next second, a flash of light takes away my vision as I feel the ground shifting.
→ Then, I'm outside the Shard's headquarters.
→ Tate catches me before I fall again.
→ Oh, I'm sorry that I don't get teleported around daily.
→ He reappears with Aiden near him.
→ Scaring me again.
→ We wait for Dallan to come out, which takes a while because everyone obviously had to greet him and try to start a conversation with him.
→ Finally, he opens the door.
→ Having to once again quickly close it behind him, so the zombie horde doesn't come out.
→ Invisibility
→ Aiden snaps his fingers and both of us disappear.
→ Tate blinks away.
→ Dallan opens the door, and as soon as he does, everyone in the room comes to greet him.
→ Of course…
→ Indeed, as soon as the members hear the door they swarm around Dallan like flies to honey.
→ My head already hurts.
→ Suddenly, an ear splitting sound can be heard from Dallan's direction.
→ He clapped his hands together so hard, it mimicked a thunder strike.
→ His expression, usually resembling an awkward, polite smile, now serious.
→ Everyone in front of us, at once, gets pushed aside, and a golden tunnel appears from his office to the exit door.
→ We can still see the surprised members because of the see-through walls, looking at us.
→ Well, at Dallan.
→ Me and Aiden should still be invisible.
→ Shocked, silent faces stood in place.
→ I look at Aiden and he looks at me.
→ Shrugging.
→ We follow him out the door.
--- END CHOICES ---

y "Now that we're finally all together."
a "All together?"
a "Did you make a friend group out of us already?"
d "I thought it was obvious."
t "Yeah!"
T "We have great synergy, we might as well be besties."
Aiden gives Tate a skeptical look, but glances at me and Dallan and sighs.
a "I guess."
a "So, what were you about to say, [name]?"
y "Remember that I said I chose a Shard long ago?"
d "Of course."
t "Duh."
a "What about it?"
y "Well, I chose the Defender's Shard."
tanda "WHAT?"
d "That's incredible!"
Suddenly I'm trapped in a bear hug.
Or.
A wolf hug?
A big wolf hug.
A big, muscular, warm, soft and suffocating wolf hug.
A wolf hug that smells like violets and peppermint.
a "You know…"
a "If you said that earlier you could've just walked out of there safely…"
y simple"…"
y pf"I didn't think of that."
d "We were fresh out of bed."
d "Brains still slow."
a "I can see that much."
ch "DALLAAAAN!"
Out of nowhere Chelsie appears and jumps on Dallan.
I was expecting a cute friend to friend reunion.
But she completely topples him over, it looked kind of painful.
But neither seemed to mind it.
They were just laughing.
y s"Hey Chelsie."
ch "Hello guys, what are you all up to?"
a "We were just sneaking [name] out of Dallan's office room."
t "Because he wasn't a member yet."
a "But he 'Wants' to be."
He said 'wants' like it was a slur.
t "Yeah, he reaaaally 'wants' to."
Here it is again.
ch "Omg!"
ch "Really?"
ch "Then what are we waiting for, I'll go sign you up right now!"
ch "Buuut of course you can't come in."
ch "I'll just let you know when I'm done."
ch "If you could just tell me your last name?"
y "It's…"
y"[name2]"
ch "huh."
ch "Weird name but ok."
y simple"It's not weird!"
y bored"*sigh*."
y "Why do I bother?"
y ec"Still, thank you so much, I'm in your debt."
t "Oh, so you're fine with being in HER debt."
Ch "You boys can go have fun."
ch "Bye Dallan, see you later."
ch "And I sure hope I'll see you around too, [name]."
d "One more thing."
He whispers something in her ear.
She looks at me and giggles.
I'm assuming it's my dorm room situation.
ch "I'll bring it for him at practice."
d "Great, thanks."
She opens the door and walks in.
t "Hey, [name]!"
t "Yesterday you kind of blew me off."
t "But don't worry."
t "You're forgiven."
t "As long as you come with me on an adventure."
A  "Not so fast kitty cat, you have detention, or did you forget?"
T "What? No! That's not fair!"
t "I came here to hang out with [name], not be bossed around by you!"
a "You are already lucky enough nobody got a hold of you until now."
a "But the luck ends here."
a "Dallan, will you take care of him or should I?"
d "Tate, if you want to live, I think you should come with me."
t "…"
t "Ok."
t "Only if [name] comes with me."
a "Oh come on, are you saying [name] has to stay with you in detention for you to behave?"
a "How is that fair?"
t "It's fair if he decides to do it on his own volition."
t "Right, Dallan?"
D "I suppose so, I mean, I have to be there."
d "Maybe with someone else there it won't feel so miserable."
t "What do you say, [name]?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I go to detention with Tate and Dallan?
→ I'd rather see other options.
→ Why not?
→ And if Dallan will be there, I'd be a fool not to follow.
--- END CHOICES ---

y worried"I don't want to sound rude, but detention does not sound very appealing, to be honest."
A "Smart choice."
d "Yeah, you're right."
d "Can't blame you."
d "Guess it's just you and me today, Tate."
t "Traitor…"
a "Great, considering they're going away."
a "I suppose I can't just let you wander off alone in an unfamiliar campus."
a "Might as well tag along."
a "We'll have some fun if-"
WEE-WOO-WEE-WOO-WEE-WOO
A loud alarm blares behind me, I basically jump into Dallan's arms.
He was equally scared, his fur was standing on end just like mine.
Ch "Don't worry, [name]!"
ch "I'll take care of you while these three are in detention."
A "No no, I'm actually not-"
ch "I said…"
ch "While these THREE!"
ch "GO TO DETENTION!"
a "Alright, chill out, I'm going too."
a "Fuck me..."
Dallan puts me down while we both blush a little and let out an awkward chuckle at the fact that we're so easily scared.
d "See you later then."
y smileworry"For sure."
The three boys go on their way, chased by the raccoon.
ch "Alright, [name], can't let you wander off all on your own."
ch "As Aiden mentioned."
ch "After all, it's your first year here!"
ch "As the newest official member of the Defender's Shard, it's my duty to make sure you have all you need."
y s"Awesome."
y "So you'll be my guide for today?"
ch "No."
ch "More like a babysitter."
y simple"Oh."
ch "You know, like for babies."
y pf"Yeah… I got it."
ch "Because you're so young, inexperienced, cute, and dumb."
y pf"Ok! Thank-"
y surprised"Wait what was that at the end."
ch "Dumb."
y simple"N-no, the one bef-"
ch "Oh boy."
ch "Would you look at the time!"
ch "It's breakfast time, aren't you hungry, [name]?"
y s"Yeah, I am, actually."
ch "We're going to have practice today, so you need a big breakfast!"
y "I've heard of this 'practice' before, but what does it consist of?"
ch "Oh, you're just going to fight some dummies."
ch "No big deal."
y "Sounds easy enough."
ch "I designed them."
Oh no…
ch "I'm sure more information will be thrown at you from a more meaningful character."
y surprised"What?"
ch "What?"
y simple"Sooooo, are we going to the cafeteria?"
ch "Pfff!"
ch "That boring, old place?"
ch "Naaah."
ch "Come on."
ch "We're going to Dragon's Tavern."
y pf"Sounds very… fantasy-esque."
ch "You could say that."
ch "After all, what you do there is drink, sing, and make friends."
y simple"Not eat?"
ch "That too."
ch "Just shut up and keep walking."
The tavern is not very far, we barely walked out of the academy, rounded the corner and got there.
It is a small, wooden building that slumps underground into a way bigger room.
Chelsie kicks open the door, turning only a few heads, like it's something normal that happens often.
ch "Chelsie is back, bitches!"
st "Heey heeey! Welcome back!"
st2 "Got here early today."
st3 "Who's the little chump?"
st2 "Look how small his waist is!"
y bored"Tell that to my sister…"
st3 "Awww, he looks like a virgin."
y simple"Ouch?"
ch "Keep your emotional damage to your D&D campaign, Magnus!"
Inside, I recognize some of the students from the gathering.
Even those two coyotes are here…
I should probably avoid them
A lot of people look a little too old to be students, though.
y simple"Hey, Chelsie?"
y "Are the older people all teachers?"
ch "No, why you ask?"
y "They look a little old to be students."
y "What's up with that?"
ch "You know not everyone on this campus is a student, right?"
ch "It's a whole town!"
ch "A community."
ch "I like hanging out in this tavern a lot, as well as in the Slayer's Shard sometimes."
ch "It's a nice change of pace to the fancy defenders."
ch "Nothing against them, of course, they're nice people, but sometimes I just want to go a little wild."
ch "Don't tell them that, only Dallan knows about my safe space."
ch "Now you're the second."
y s"Congrats me?"
ch "But I had to bring you here."
ch "They have the BEST breakfast menus around, booze is not all they're known for."
We sit down at the table closest to the bar, where a white cat with curly fur and a relaxed smile is cleaning some glasses.
ch "OOOOOHHHH!"
ch "Sebastiaaan!"
seb "Loud as ever, Chelsie."
ch "[name], this guy's the best!"
ch "Seb, Seb!"
ch "This is our newest member, [name]."
seb "Huh, really?"
seb "Defender Shard's members don't usually come here, so it's surprising to see another wild spirit like Chelsie."
Y awkward"Wouldn't call myself wild, just curious."
y smileworry"So what Shard are you from?"
seb "Oh, I'm not enrolled in this academy."
seb "I just live here with my family."
y simple"Oh, right, I have to get used to it."
seb "So, what can I get for you two?"
ch "The Special Breakfast!"
seb "You always say that, and the chef never knows what to make exactly."
ch "And every time he cooks something amazing."
ch "So obviously he knows what I mean."
ch "We'll get two of those."
seb "*Sigh*"
seb "Fine."
seb "Drinks?"
ch "Oh, you know what I'll have."
seb "Really?"
seb "This early?"
ch "Hey, everyone else is doing it."
seb "Uhm, no they're not, Chelsie, look around you."
The cheerful people around were all drinking either tea, coffee or juice.
ch "Ugh, fine, [name], what'd you want?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I get?
→ Water
→ Coffee
→ Tea
→ Smoothie
→ Juice
→ A French Kiss cocktail
--- END CHOICES ---

ch "OOOOHH snap!"
ch "Sebastian, you got a crusher on your tail."
ch "You better give him what he wants, this guy's a BEAST!"
y surprised"W-wait… no"
y "I was referring to the cockta-"
ch "COCK?!"
ch "So early in the morning?!"
seb "I'm flattered, but I can't do that sort of thing on my shift."
ch "Well what time do you get off, sexy?"
ch "This guy really wants you."
ch "I'm just kidding, I'm here almost everyday, I know your schedule."
ch "So, [name], try not to mess this up and you might get more than a french kiss tonight."
seb "Can't wait."
y blush2"Tail! TAIL!"
ch "[name], come on, you can't just scream for tail and expect it handed to you on a platter!"
st "Well..."
ch "Fuck off Magnus, he's not interested."
st "Undertandable."
I'm as red as a beet now, looking down in shame.
But Scribbles' side effect makes me feel very excited.
I just wanted Chelsie to not be the only one drinking alcohol around here.
seb "Aww, Chelsie, I think we should knock it off."
seb"He's so red his head might fry up."
ch "Aww, but what if he orders a Sex on the Beach next?"
ch "Hmm."
ch "Nah, you're right Seb, but isn't he so cute when he's flustered?"
y blush"Haha… I-I knew you were joking, I was just playing into it…"
y "Yeah… that's what happened."
seb "Sure thing, little man."
seb "I'll bring you two some juice."
He walks away swinging his tail and hips while whistling.
The worst part is that he really is very good looking.
These people are the devil…
And he looked so innocent at first.
un tease"My kind!"
He brings out two plates.
We eat what looked like an egg and bacon sandwich on a foot long sesame bun.
At a closer inspection I realized it is way more than that.
The eggs had pesto and chili oil on top.
A layer of guac was splattered on the bottom bun, and garlic mayo on the top.
From what I could tell, it was a beautiful mess, and it tasted amazing.
ch "The chef never disappoints."
ch "I'm going to need your help today, or tomorrow, I haven't decided yet."
She says that with her mouth half full.
y awkward"Do I have a say in this?"
ch "Nope."
ch "It all depends on me."
ch "If I don't forget."
ch "Hmmm."
ch "I'm bored."
ch "Hey!"
ch "Hey Seby!"
ch "Come're."
seb "Yes?"
ch "Get on the table."
seb "Excuse me?"
ch "You too, newbie."
y simple"What?"
ch "I wanna see that deep, wet french kiss from a good angle."
ch "Come on, get in there."
ch "I got ones to throw if you want."
ch "Wait no, these are coins."
ch "They'll hurt but you can still collect them."
ch "Money is money."
y worried"Chelsie, are you drunk?"
ch "Just tipsy."
seb "Wait, how?"
seb "I didn't give you alcohol!"
ch "You're too slow minded sucka'"
She shows us a small metal canister, before taking a gulp from it.
Sebastian reaches and takes it away.
seb "Unbelievable."
ch "Killjoy."
ch "This is the only bad thing I have to say about this place."
ch "It only starts serving booze after 5PM."
ch "Like… only after classes are over for most students and teachers."
ch "Trying to keep us from having fun, damn devils."
ch "Or more like ME out."
seb "We are not trying to keep anyone out."
seb "If it were that way, we would've just made a rule that students and teachers are not allowed until after classes are over."
seb "It's just that nobody really drinks in the middle of the day, so the owner thought it's redundant to serve an entire menu for like two people."
ch "I can order for five at least!"
seb "That's concerning, not impressive."
seb "People get off work around five usually, so that's when this place gets more lively."
seb "Also later in the evening."
seb "Don't you have practice soon or something like that?"
seb "Going to do that drunk?"
ch "I am barely tipsy dude, plus, I don't even participate, I just watch the first years."
seb "Right..."
Sebastian rolls his eyes and walks away.
ch "I'm expecting that canteen back in the mail!"
y simple"Hey, so about this practice, is there a time limit or-"
She places her finger on my lips.
ch "shhh."
ch "No more school questions."
ch "Ask me something personal or shut up."
y "Oh.. ok then."
y "Uhm."

--- CHOICES ---
→ A personal question for Chelsie.
→ Shard's members' opinion on you?
→ Not today buddy, not today…
→ This subject seems a little sensitive, let's change it.
→ Drinking problem?
→ Her face looks a little sour and sincere.
→ She gives a curt nod.
→ Past relationships?
→ She chuckles.
→ Beautiful smile?
--- END CHOICES ---

y smug"I'm not going to confirm that."
y "But is it wrong?"
y "To try?"
ch "Hmm."
She eyes me carefully.
ch "Nah, not wrong."
ch "Not wrong at all."
ch "I take any compliments I can get."
ch "But maybe not the best of times?"
I look around at the bar atmosphere.
Slow music is playing, people are quiet but not in an awkward silence.
The light is dim and moody.
It feels like the perfect moment to me…
un squint"Maybe she just doesn't want to be hit on while drunk?"
un "Or she's letting you down lightly."
un "Take the L and go…"
You might be right.
Or.
She might just feel it's too early, and I should try again later.
un bored"Dumbass."
I don't have any more questions.
I decide to check my phone.
ch "How much time we got?"
y "Less than an hour."
y "Time flies."
ch "Yeah, it does that sometimes."
ch "So, are you going to take advantage of me while I'm a little drunk or head to practice?"
y "I would never do that."
ch "Ha…"
ch "You're a great guy."
ch "Whoever ends up with you will be a happy one."
un "The bar is so low these days."
y "Are you coming too?"
ch "I'll be there, but I want to hang around here a little more."
ch "I'll catch up."
y "Alright."
y "See ya later."
I take out some cash from my wallet, enough to cover both our bills.
And I think I'll tip that Sebastian guy forty percent…
For no reason in particular.
His ass and tail swinging harder while walking around our table had nothing to do with it, for sure.
I gather up my things and walk out.
On my way there I'm lucky enough to find the guys walking to the arena as well.
t "[name]! [name]!"
t "Guess what happened in detention!"
t "It was fucking awesome!"
d "I'd say it was more scary than awesome."
a "It puts the whole integrity of the academy in peril."
y surprised"Just tell me!"
t "A Nightfallen appeared!"
y "What?"
y simple"Inside the barrier?"
a "Well, it was a summon, actually."
t "And Dallan killed it and saved some cubs from being eaten!"
d "The cubs were also summons."
a "Basically someone played a cruel joke on us."
a "And this idiot thinks it's 'awesome'."
t "It was still fun."
d "And good news!"
d "I convinced these two to leave me out of detention watching."
d "So we can spend the afternoon together."
d "If you want to, of course!"
y "Of course I want to."
y "How'd you do it?"
d "I... don't wanna talk about it."
y smileworry"Detention does actually sound fun now…"
y "Maybe I should've been there…"
t "Next time come to an adventure with me, and I can score you a detention