."
d "But I have to once again, thank you."
d "Thank you for making me get out more."
d "I didn't do all my work in time, and look, the end of the world didn't come yet."
d "Nobody is even looking for me with a super urgent thing I didn't do."
d "And most thanks for not treating me differently, like all the others."
d "That's why I like to stick around Tate, Aiden and Chelsie."
d "I love the members of the Shard, they're my people, but I can't consider them friends."
This is going great!
He's spilling secrets to me now.
He trusts me enough to do so.
And I can't believe he would fu-
un ang"Holy shit!"
un squint"Stop talking to yourself and make some conversation with this guy!"
un "He's clearly trying his best at throwing hints!"
You're right, damn it, what's wrong with me?
y awkward"Y-yeah, it's stupid to pamper someone because they're technically more important."
y s"I mean, be respectful, not kiss ass, you know?"
d "Fortunately that's not why people treat me like a baby."
d "The word pamper really is accurate here."
y simple"That's not the reason?"
y s"Then I suppose they just like your smile and personality."
y smug"Good looking people do have privacy problems."
y "But you are great, I would treat you the same way if we were nothing more than Shard mates."
d "I'm flattered, but you're joking right?"
d "I'm not very good with sarcasm, sorry."
y shoked"I am not, you are the best person I've ever met!"
y "And I'm not even exaggerating."
y blush2"Great personality, friendly, hot!.. I-I mean attract-"
y blush"I MEAN! YOU DRESS NICE!"
We are both blushing heavily, hiding our faces with our paws.
He starts chuckling.
I do too.
I suppose I'm not very good at hiding my feelings.
And he must've seen through it.
So instead of being embarrassed, I decide to be amused.
At least he's not horrified at my words, right?
d "You… are so cute [name]."
d "Seriously."
y blush"W-wha-"
y blush2"Uhm, t-thanks."
A notification sound interrupts us.
It's been so long, I forgot I now have internet, because I'm outside the barrier.
It is a message from Tate.
Since when does he have a phone?
It might be borrowed, or brand new.
He sent a photo of him, pointing with a shocked expression, at Bean and Jerry, kissing near an icecream shop.
With the caption 'There are Homosexuals in my town!'
I gasp.
d "What?"
d "Something happened?"
y ec"No, it's just this."
y "Tate being silly."
y "Look at this."
d "What?"
y "Read the caption."
d "…"
y "Do you get it?"
y "You know, Tate likes guys..."
y simple"At least I think so."
He looks at me with a shocked expression.
But it quickly turns into a smile and then a grin.
Then finally full blown laughter, he falls over from laughing holding his belly.
I can't help but laugh along.
Maybe it wasn't THAT funny.
He recovers after a couple of seconds and looks at me, still smiling.
He holds his hands in front of him, and I offer mine.
He clutches my paws in his.
d "[name]…"
d "Did you just show me a message?"
d "On... your phone?"
y smileworry"Uhm."
y "Yes?"
d "I-I."
d "I didn't know how to feel before, I thought my mind was playing tricks on me."
d "But now I know for sure."
d "That I love you."
omg omg omg.
y blush"Ermm, w-where is this coming from?"
y "Not that I'm complaining."
y "Is it because of Tate's dumb little joke?"
y "It was kinda funny, I admit."
y blush2"Are there cameras around?"
My paws start to sweat as he holds them harder and closer to his chest.
d "[name]…"
d "I have no idea what you just showed me."
d "I'm blind."
y simple"…"
y "What?"
d "I can't see."
d "With my eyes."
d "At all."
y "I-I know what blind means."
y "But… you don't..."
d "Look blind?"
I nod.
d "Did you just nod to a blind person?"
y blush"I-I'm sorry!"
y shoked2"Wait, how did you know?"
y confused"And how are you always looking me in the eyes?"
y simple"Every time you talk to me, your ocean-blue eyes are piercing mine."
d "Because your eyes attract mine."
y surprised"Really?"
d "No, I'm joking."
y simple"Oh."
d "But being blind for so long… well, you get used to it."
d "You adapt."
d "I feel through the wind and air around, I know that there is a tree there, and there, and there."
d "That… might be more impressive if we weren't in a forest."
d "I know you are five feet five inches tall just from the direction of your voice."
d "I know you're a feline because I've felt your tail brush against my leg when we were walking together."
d "And later fortified that theory from your loud purring on my chest."
d "I can fight because a moving body is way louder than people expect."
d "Plus, the scarf I use to cover my eyes also enhances my senses further."
d "Besides, I'm cheating a little bit."
d "I have keen senses, and I can feel the flow of magic."
d "Which basically makes me be able to see everything that posses magic or energy, even if in a different way."
d "Some people would even say I 'read their minds' when fighting."
d "Or can 'see the future.'"
d "Heh."
d "Though I do struggle with regular reading and writing."
d "And any screens."
d "But they don't realize that I'm not so different, I can do most things everyone can."
d "But even when I try to explain."
d "I'm not being listened to."
y shoked"But you're the leader of a Shard."
d "And yet, people think I'll fall down the stairs and die. Always."
d "I can even do paperwork thanks to a device Chelsie made, the one in my office."
d "Remember?"
y "I think so."
d "It puts the ink in the right order, and all I have to do is spell the word at least close to the place it needs to be."
y s"That's why your writing is so neat."
d "Cheating again, yes."
y simple"I wouldn't say 'cheating'."
y "Not when you're being dealt the worst cards."
y sad"Man."
y "I feel so dumb."
y "For not realizing something so major that's right in front of me."
d "Don't be."
d "I'm glad you didn't."
y smileworry"And if you never told me, I might've never found out."
y "Just goes to show how your eyes do not make you any different."
y simple"With all this talking, I keep remembering things we've done these past few days."
y "And it all starts to click more and more."
y smileworry"When you handed me that drink, after I came back from the bathroom."
y "You didn't hand me the one I wanted, and instead waited for me to act."
d "I didn't even know they were different flavors."
d "They must've refilled the machine wrong."
y "You were pointing out landmarks in town, like the arena and the dorms."
y "But you were a little off."
d "The fact that I got some of them right is a miracle."
y "The audiobooks."
d "I feel like even with sight, I would still prefer audiobooks."
y "And the lack of decorations in your office."
d "I have no need for anything more than a table, chair and drawers."
y "And the dead plants in your dorm."
d "I have plants in my dorm?"
y simple"…"
y "Including a bonsai."
d "Wow."
d "R.I.P to them."
y s"The bonsai is actually still clinging to life."
y "I watered all of them, and they might make a recovery."
d "Good, good, I promise to take care of them, now that I found out they're there."
d "Chelsie must've brought them in."
d "I have no idea when."
y blush"You were looking directly at my… private areas, when we were changing in the locker rooms at the gym."
d "I didn't even try to hide it."
d "I thought you knew I was blind, so it shouldn't have been a problem which way I'm facing."
y awkward"You can ride a bike better than I can."
y "I'd say that's not even fair."
d "I know these streets and paths like the back of my hand."
y simple"My negative feelings towards my own dumb oblivious self are fading."
y bored"I am now mad at all the other dumb people."
y "Who look at how amazing you are, and still decide to underestimate you."
y s"Is there anything other than reading and writing that you can't do?"
d "See?"
y bored"..."
d "Sorry sorry, I know, we can joke later."
d "There is one thing I really want to know."
d "But I can't without some help."
y smileworry"What is it?"
y "I'll do anything."
d "How should I say this?"
d "Can I…"
d "Touch your face?"
d "I want to know what you look like."
This man doesn't even know what I look like.
And he fell in love with me.
y smileworry"Absolutely."
Dallan lets go of my paws and stands up as I follow his lead.
He ever so gently raises his own paws up to my head level.
The precision to know exactly where my head starts and ends is astounding.
This is the closest his fingers ever were to my eyes.
Long, meaty, soft fingers.
Which he places on the side of my neck.
Caressing my side tufts, with the tip of the claws scratching behind my ear unintentionally.
d "Sorry."
y smileworry"It's ok."
y "You are very gentle, I might even ask you to go a little harder."
The teeth in his smile nearly touch my nose.
His other paw reaches for my snout and forehead.
Taking in and examining every slight curvature and dimple.
Dallan looks calm and concentrated.
He reaches up to my hair, moving through it with care.
Then, to my surprise, apparently an inspection like this needs a deeper dive.
One of his claws slides between my lips, then through my teeth, opening my mouth wider and wider.
The back of his finger skims over my front teeth, measuring my canines as well.
The other paw was busy observing the stretchiness of my skin, as well as the softness of my tongue.
I think I'm supposed to feel weirded out about this.
But I'm enjoying it.
Dallan moves one of his hands back to my neck and the side of my face, this time sliding his paw further back, grabbing my fur gently, and pulling my head forward.
His other paw cups my chin, making me gaze into his closed eyes.
y blush2"D-Dallan?"
d "You are.. so soft."
His face gets closer as well, even if it feels taboo.
Our colleagues would be so mad at me…
Good.
He starts to purse his lips, and opens his maw just a little.
Is he really going to-?
Right here, under the shade of the leaves, his face was so close to mine that I could smell the sweet, fruity fragrance of the juice we've been drinking, as well as the violet perfume he likes to use.
With his ears back and a final push, our lips were sealed together.
Everything goes oddly quiet, like the moment of silence between lightning and thunder.
But unlike a storm, it is soft and delicate.
Like summer rain.
Not what you'd expect, but something you're glad you got, like how when your body is under so much heat it's hard not to embrace something to make it cool off.
Dallan isn't rushing anywhere either.
His tongue slowly slips inside, combining into one with my own, melting into each other.
The movements of his mouth are gentle and masterful.
He's tasting me over and over again, rotating his head to get the same taste from different angles.
The strong hands holding my head from pulling away make this experience so much more intimate.
Not that I'd ever want this to end.
Even when he finally pulls away, it feels like flower petals being blown away.
So delicate was his kiss.
Betrayed only by the trail of saliva that remains between us.
The only hint of the wild actions happening inside our cheeks just a second ago.
Until it breaks in two, and nothing but the memory and erotic feelings remain.
d "I hope I wasn't too sudden."
y smileworry"I was waiting for that since the moment I laid eyes on you."
d "Good."
d "And here I thought I was being weird for catching feelings for you after three days."
We laugh, but laughter is not going to take away these new emotions this kiss brought.
y smug"Nobody is dumb enough to come all the way here with Nightfallen roaming about, right?"
d "I doubt anyone would have a reason to."
y "Then I need more."
d "More of what?"
y "Are you sure you don't want to know what the rest of me looks like?"
d "But I already said I know almost everything about your body."
d "I just needed to feel your face to-"
y bored"Just take my clothes off and feel me up, Dallan."
d "Oh, right, sorry."
d "In that case, I'd be happy to know you better."
He slips one of his arms underneath my shirt as he nuzzles my neck, the other going straight down my shorts and grabbing whatever it can with haste.
d "You took care of me and made me relax."
d "Will you take that responsibility to the end?"
y smug"It would be rude of me not to provide some release for you, after all the stress you've been through."
I can feel my shorts slide down.
I do the same to Dallan, as the bulge in front of me keeps growing.
Just a little more aaand-
b "[name]!!!"
Our hands shoot back out and our clothes sprung back into place.
b "[name], [name], [name]!"
y shoked"BEAN?!"
d "Jerry?"
y blushmad"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TWO KNUCKLEHEADS DOING ALL THE WAY OVER HERE?!"
je "Sup?"
d "Hello."
b "Heeey bro."
b "We heard we could find you around here."
b "Uhmm."
b "You didn't happen to get a weird message from a small purple cat, did you?"
je "He was so small."
y pf"A message?"
b "Yeah, like, an image or video or something."
y bored"Of you and Jerry kissing at an ice cream shop?"
b "Yeah!"
y "No."
b "Phew."
b "Heard that Jerry?"
b "We're fine."
je "I will thank our lord and savior, Nightfallen King, for this blessing."
b "But do you mind giving us your phone for a minute, for no reason haha."
I look at Dallan, sighing…
Then I hand them my phone.
They look through it for a couple of minutes, and soon they start giggling.
y bored"Are you done yet?"
y simple"What are you looking at?"
je "You have a beautiful penis, friend called [name]."
je "Large for your small body."
y blushmad"WHAT THE HELL?!"
y "ARE YOU GOING THROUGH MY GALLERY?"
y "I thought you were gonna check if that cat sent the message or not."
b "Ooooohh."
b "..."
je "..."
b "Hey, [name], can I get your phone for another minute please?"
y bored"Fucking hell, take it."
d "You two really shouldn't be here, it's dangerous."
je "I am a strong Nightfallen."
je "Jerry is not scared of inferior comrades."
b "Yeah, Jerry protects me."
b "He scared away an old lady trying to steal my seat on the bus."
d "There aren't buses in Lakonia."
b "oh."
b "then who was that lady?"
je "A criminal, she screamed something about 'late taxes' while running away."
b "huh."
b "I wonder what that means…"
b "Anyway."
b "We're done delet- I mean, looking through your phone for no reason."
b "Let's go Jerry."
je "After you."
je "…"
je "Bean has a nice butt."
We watch them walk away, happy on the path.
Holding hands when they think they're far enough.
d "That was sweet."
y bored"They ruined our moment…"
d "They did, but uhm…"
d "No, I don't have anything positive to say."
y "We are no longer having sex, are we?"
d "I think it would've been a little too early for that anyway."
y simple"You're right."
y "Maybe they saved us, in a way, from rushing too much."
d "And I suppose we have some more information now."
y simple"Information?"
d "If a Nightfallen gets inside the barrier once, it can walk freely through it multiple times."
y "Ohh, yeah, it looks like it."
y "We're going to have to play detectives at some point, aren't we?"
d "Most likely."
d "N-never mind, forget it."
d "It was a silly idea anyway."
y "If you say so, then I won't press further."
d "Thank you, [name]."
We sit down and finish the little food we had left, so we can go back home with as little as possible.
As we do I keep remembering dumb situations in which Dallan was obviously blind.
But my dumbass didn't want to take the hint.
He also made me agree to not complain about the fact that he's going to protect me with his daily shield from now on.
To which I reluctantly agree.
The moons were shining brightly by the time we got back to town.
We were a little too tired to have dinner with anyone.
So we agreed to finish the leftover pizza from the dorm.
d "I don't think I have to mention it."
d "But you will be spending the night in my room, correct?"
y ec"Of course!"
y "And please calm down, your tail is hitting my legs pretty hard."
d "Sorry, I'm just really happy."
y "Heh, it's funny."
y smug"Since I've come here, I've slept everywhere but my own dorm."
y "Even my bags are in yours."
d "We can call that fate."
d "Because they're going to stay there for the rest of the year."
y bored"That is, if I pass this test I know almost nothing about."
d "Same here."
y smug"It's impossible for you to fail."
d "Nuh-uh."
d "What if the test is to read a message on my phone or a note?"
d "I'd be dead!"
y laugh"Haha."
y smug "ha."
The room is dark and cool.
Dallan has no use for light anyway, so I don't waste the electricity just for me.
We both silently agreed it's not the time to shower together, so he lets me go in first, as his guest.
The radio is on when I get out, connected to the weather channel.
The weather tonight will be rainy, but we will be welcomed by a cloudless, sunny day, tomorrow morning.
Tate texted me again while Dallan was in the shower, making plans for us all to meet for breakfast, before embarking on the test journey, whatever that will be.
Apparently we are all supposed to be present at 9AM in the town square.
Weird place to start a test.
Dallan gets out of the shower and remains in his underwear.
My mind goes back to Dallan's interests.
If he's blind, I wonder what music he likes…
y smileworry"Hey, Dallan?"
d "Yes?"
y smileworry"Do you mind if we go to sleep while listening to your favorite song?"
d "Do you even have to ask?"
d "But how come?"
y "I just want to get to know your hobbies in more details, now that I know which ones you can actually practice."
He takes out his phone and speaks the command.
Music plays.
As soon as we're both good and dry, we walk to the bedroom.
The raindrops already start to slide down on the window.
The air is fresh and chilly.
The slow, sad, and relaxing melody plays as I dive into Dallan's chest fur.
The fresh scent of shampoo lingering.
The blanket, once again, is redundant.
All the worries of the world seem to disappear, as nothing else matters.
d "[name]?"
y "Yeah?"
d "What happened between you and Chelsie yesterday?"
y "…"
d "She was very upset."
d "Went up to Rose today crying."
d "She dropped your name, but didn't want to talk about it further."
y "We just had some moral disagreements."
d "Pardon me, but that is a bit hard to believe."
d "Whatever happened."
d "I just wish you could get along with my best friend, if nobody else."
y "…"
y "Goodnight, Dallan."
d "…"
d "We'll talk about this some other time then."
d "I-"
d "I'll go to the living room for a while."
And so, I was left alone, cold and sad.
Sleep crept in, in the end.
y simple"It's sad."
d "The song?"
y "Yeah..."
d "That's because you don't know the story behind it."
d "It's my brother playing it."
d "The same one that gave me the scarf."
d "It symbolizes hope, and my own achievemnets through life, even with my disadvantage."
d "As well as the beginning of a long journey..."
y s"So I take it you two get along well?"
d "The only ones in the family that do."
d "Let's just say, you gave me more warmth in three days than my family ever could."
d "And whatever happens, I'm grateful for that."
d "Somehow, you keep ending up on top of me, hugging me..."
y simple"…"
y "What do you think will happen-"
My words are cut out by Dallan's gentle, steady breathing.
He's asleep.
Right here, right now, the Deja Vu is vivid.
As Dallan said, his chest just calls to me.
The sound of rain drops, violin and piano remains.
My mind is still buzzing with questions and feelings.
Was he born like this?
Was it an accident?
And what about the test tomorrow?
So many mysteries, but those can wait.
After all, I have an entire year to spend next to him just like this.
No need to rush.
I'll just…
*yaaawn*
Try not to… think about it too much…
y simple"It's sad."
d "The song?"
y "Yeah..."
d "That's because you don't know the story behind it."
d "It's my brother playing it."
d "The same one that gave me the scarf."
d "It symbolizes hope, and my own achievemnets through life, even with my disadvantage."
d "As well as the beginning of a long journey..."
y s"So I take it you two get along well?"
d "The only ones in the family that do."
d "Let's just say, you gave me more warmth in three days than my family ever could."
d "And whatever happens, I'm grateful for that."
d "Somehow, you keep ending up on top of me, hugging me..."
y simple"…"
y "What do you think will happen-"
My words are cut out by Dallan's gentle, steady breathing.
He's asleep.
Right here, right now, the Deja Vu is vivid.
As Dallan said, his chest just calls to me.
The sound of rain, violin and piano remains.
My mind is still buzzing with questions and feelings.
Was he born like this?
Was it an accident?
And what about the test tomorrow?
So many mysteries, but those can wait.
After all, I have an entire year to spend next to him just like this.
No need to rush.
I'll just…
*yaaawn*
Try not to… think about it too much…
…
I am once again in front of the violet covered, opened door.
This time, the broken piano in the background is replaced by Dallan's melody.
The interior is still pitch black.
Unlike last time, I don't try to find a switch.
Because there is none, I know it, and it's ok.
I walk blindly inside, as the door slowly creaks closed.
I walk further in, expecting to bump into furniture or any other objects.
Instead, the silhouettes of people emerged from the ground.
There were wolves with a similar color pattern as Dallan.
Some of them elevated, a couple of them broken.
Further in I see a cat.
It looks an awful lot like Tate.
And next to him is Aiden, along with Merina, Haima, Oliver and among them, I see myself.
Another friend.
A bit further in, I see Chelsie, in the middle of all.
Soon I realize, this is not a room.
It's a heart.
And I'm at the side.
Maybe if things went a bit smoother, I might've even been near the center.
Too late to change anything now...
…
I am once again in front of the violet covered, opened door.
The interior is still pitch black.
But this time, I don't try to find a switch.
Because there is none.
I walk blindly inside, as the door slowly creaks closed.
I walk further in, expecting to bump into furniture or any other objects.
Instead, the silhouettes of people emerged from the ground.
There were wolves with a similar color pattern as Dallan.
Some of them elevated, a couple of them broken.
And next to them, I see myself.
Cracked at the center and crumbled on the ground.
Further in I see a cat.
It looks an awful lot like Tate.
And next to him is Aiden, along with Merina, Haima, Oliver and among them, I see myself.
Another friend.
A bit further in, I see Chelsie, in the middle of all.
Soon I realize, this is not a room.
It's a heart.
And there is no place for me here.
But there was...
…
I am once again in front of the violet covered, opened door.
The interior is still pitch black.
But this time, I don't try to find a switch.
Because there is none.
I walk blindly inside, as the door slowly creaks closed.
I walk further in, expecting to bump into furniture or any other objects.
Instead, the silhouettes of people emerged from the ground.
There were wolves with a similar color pattern as Dallan.
Some of them elevated, a couple of them broken.
Cracked at the center and crumbled on the ground.
Further in I see a cat.
It looks an awful lot like Tate.
And next to him is Aiden, along with Merina, Haima, Oliver and more.
A bit further in, I see myself, just before Chelsie, in the middle of it all.
Soon I realize, this is not a room.
It's a heart.
And in only three days, I managed to win a priceless spot, that I'm never going to give up.
There are many secrets and hardships left to uncover, about Lakonia, about my friends, about Dallan...
But if I can keep him at my side, I'll get through everything.
I am going to be the one, that brightens up his vision.
The morning came around and we didn't waste any time.
We met our friends at the cafeteria, had a quick breakfast and went straight to the town square.
The Headmaster is going to start the announcement by telling us the exact rules
Or that's what we expected, instead, we each get an envelope that we are supposed to open when the test officially begins
After the announcement each person gets teleported one by one
I am teleported inside a forest, surrounded by trees
Trees 5 times as tall as the ones around the academy
So I must be very far away
In the sky I see a countdown
5
4
3
2
1
And the test begins...
The morning came around and we didn't waste any time.
We met our friends at the cafeteria, had a quick breakfast and went straight to the town square.
The Headmaster is going to start the announcement by telling us the exact rules
Or that's what we expected, instead, we each get an envelope that we are supposed to open when the test officially begins
After the announcement each person gets teleported one by one
I am teleported inside a forest, surrounded by trees
Trees 5 times as tall as the ones around the academy
So I must be very far away
In the sky I see a countdown
5
4
3
2
1
And the test begins...
The morning came around and we didn't waste any time.
We met our friends at the cafeteria, had a quick breakfast and went straight to the town square.
The Headmaster is going to start the announcement by telling us the exact rules
Or that's what we expected, instead, we each get an envelope that we are supposed to open when the test officially begins
After the announcement each person gets teleported one by one
I am teleported inside a forest, surrounded by trees
Trees 5 times as tall as the ones around the academy
So I must be very far away
In the sky I see a countdown
5
4
3
2
1
And the test begins...
I hurry back to her office, or workshop, or whatever.
I wonder what her surprise might be…
un "Yeah sure, 'you wonder'."
un "Like it's not obvious."
Knowing her, it could be the privilege of getting set on fire.
un "Or you might become a Nightfallen babysitter."
un "Actually yeah, there are many surprises in store."
As I approach the hallway where her workshop is situated, I'm being jumped.
ch "HEY!"
y hurt2"Ouch."
ch "Don't be so dramatic, newbie."
ch "I barely touched you."
ch "I knew you'd show up."
y s"Who doesn't like surprises?"
ch "Shroud's been talking about it all night and all morning."
y surprised"He can speak?"
ch "He doesn't have vocal chords, but he did learn how to write."
ch "It's hard to understand, but I can tell he has very complex thoughts."
ch "One of them being:"
ch "'Ew, you put ketchup on the cinnamon roll?'"
ch "Judgemental little fuck."
y bored"Ew."
ch "IT'S GOOD!"
ch "Whatever."
Ch "Come on."
ch "Let's go inside."
y smug"Sooo, what would that 'surprise' be?"
y "If I may ask."
ch "Sex."
y shoked2"…"
y "What?"
ch "Hmm?"
ch "Why do you look so surprised?"
ch "I thought we agreed on it yesterday."
y awkward"W-well we didn't talk about specifics or anything."
ch "I thought you were smart."
ch "So I take it that you want to back out?"
Do I?
I mean, I really like Chelsie, but what about Dallan?

--- CHOICES ---
→ Do I want to continue this?
→ Nope, I'm out.
→ With those last words, I walk out the door, ready for the fight of my life.
→ Yes!
→ Screw it.
→ Why can't I go for both the guy and the girl?
→ Playboy life!
→ Here I come!
→ She might be right...

--- CHOICES ---
→ Do I want to share this experience with a Nightfallen?
→ Yes.
→ No way.
--- END CHOICES ---

un bored"I have to say that I didn't expect you to agree to this."
un "But again, you did kneel in front of my cock as soon as you saw me."
Not my proudest moment.
But I'm excited.
I just hope his cuteness doesn't take away from the mood.
ch "Come on now, don't be shy."
ch "He'll like it, I promise."
I sit on the table, with my feet dangling off the edge.
y ec"You don't want to keep me waiting, Shroud."
Behind Chelsie, a big, green man appears.
Walking slowly towards us.
y shoked"Woah."
y "Is… is that you, Shroud??"
He nods his head vigorously, blushing.
ch "This is his preferred form, usually."
ch "What do you think?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ What do I think about his body?
→ He's perfect.
→ There is something off about him…
→ Shroud looks a little embarrassed.
→ Maybe even distressed.
→ Shroud immediately brightens up, leaves the room, and comes back with a brand new a pair of ears and a tail, looking for approval.
→ A romantic, maybe even erotic song plays.
→ Chelsie comes closer as I sit on the table.
→ She roughly spreads my legs and gets in between them, leaning close to my face.
→ She grabs my tie and takes it off.
→ She starts to unbutton my shirt, then hints at me to make a move as well.
→ I take off her goggles first, as they looked the easiest to remove.
→ Then I tug on her belts.
→ The ones near her chest seem to be sewed in, so I give up on those.
→ I move to her cape-like accessory but I quickly realize it is connected to some straps.
→ At this point my shirt is gone, and my belt is off too.
→ I move to her sleeves, which are actually connected in the back like a very short crop top.
→ Unfortunately, those have more belts to go through, as well as the cape standing in the way.
→ She sighs.
→ He comes around excited and starts to unbuckle her belts.
→ Slowly taking off everything, only a bra and underwear remained.
→ Chelsie steps away and Shroud takes her place.
→ Kneeling down and taking off my shoes, then pants.
→ But he doesn't stop there.
→ As my underwear leaves my feet.
→ A now completely naked Chelsie pushes me down on the table and-
→ Of course, who wouldn't get hard when a beautiful woman is standing, naked, right on top of their dick.
→ As a hot, sexy male body stands right behind me, able to do whatever he wants.
→ My legs are now being hung in the air, held by Shroud.
→ Chelsie takes my hands in hers, as she rubs her vagina on my length.
→ The motion was hot, in more ways than one.
→ But in this position, I was left almost unintentionally paralyzed.
→ She leans on my chest, her lips close to my ears.
→ They flop about as she whispers.
→ She positions back up, and strokes my penis.
→ Not a necessary move, as I can't get any harder anyway.
→ He doesn't say a thing, and has no eyes to read, or mouth.
→ But as his head turns to me, I swear I can see a mischievous grin and half closed eyes.
→ Saying 'Oh, you'll see.'
→ Which makes me believe I will be the main course for both of them.
→ She manages to pop the head in, and slowly make her descent to the base.
→ The sheer heat and softness all around makes moans escape my lips.
→ She quickens her pace, and signals Shroud to start as well.
→ I can barely keep my eyes open, but the view in front of me is too good to pass.
→ The next moment, something big is pressing up against my tail hole.
→ The stimulants I get from being ridden and penetrated in such a lustful way makes Chelsie's wish of a loud partner very true