.
d "You forget I'm still a leader."
d "Barrier or not, I'm superior to you in power."
d "The only way to get out would be to get naked!"
d "And we know how you feel about that."
a "You underestimate how much I want to win against you…"
Aiden's body starts to transmute into smoke.
but stops before his clothes can fall off.
a "It's not worth embarrassing myself in front of the Headmaster on top of the whole academy."
a "But if [name] can't get here by the time the clock hits ten minutes, which is very soon."
a "We will tie."
y smug"What was that?"
y "Mister missionary man?"
I stand behind Aiden on my belly, with my head right above his.
a "H-how did-"
y "How did I get here so fast?"
y "The simple answer is that you underestimated me."
In truth, I finally realized that even though the clones don't have magic, they have energy that can still be drained.
So I got rid of them faster than usual.
y "Boop."
I place my finger on Aiden's nose.
Confusion appeared in his eyes, until slowly he falls asleep.
y "And another one bites the dust."
d "Is… is he asleep?"
d "Did we win?"
y "Let him go and let's find out."
The crowd is dead silent.
Dallan get's up.
A limp, slowly breathing tiger lays on the ground.
y "Looks like victory is ours."
The arena is filled with happy screams.
m "LADIES, GENTLEMEN AND ESTEEMED FRIENDS, WE HAVE OUR WINNERS!"
d "You did it!"
y ec"WE did it!"
t "VICTORY HUUUG!"
Tate appears out of nowhere embracing us both.
y surprised"Tate!"
y "You're fine already?"
t "I had an energy drink and I'm all up and running."
t "Shouldn't have teleported so much."
d "Aren't you upset you lost?"
t "I'm happy that I have such awesome friends!"
t "Plus I knew we'd lose."
t "Aiden is kind of useless."
a "You asshole…"
Our second victim is finally up.
a "Good match, you did good, [name]."
y ec"T-thank you, I did my best."
a "Although I expected more from you, leader."
d "oh."
d "In my defense I didn't want to hurt you."
a "Of course you didn't."
a "And in MY defense, having a partner with a brain would have granted me the victory as well."
t "..."
a "Let's go, the girls are on the side lines, waiting to congratulate you, probably."
d "I could hear their voices shouting for most of the match."
d "And your name came up the most, [name]."
d "Got some admirers."
y blush2"Admirers? Me?"
y "Then we don't want to keep them waiting."
a "You two go ahead."
a "I need to take this one back to detention."
t "Yep, we gotta go."
I give them a sly smile and a wink.
t "You know, you could join us sometime, [name]."
a "We do more than just trauma-dump in there."
t "More as in we have actualy fun, not sex..."
I shoot a glance at Dallan, who is waving at the crowd oblivious.
y "I'm sure."
y "You two have fun."
y ec"But not too much fun."
t "I'm kinda glad you found out"
t "Now I can tell you all about it later."
y ec"Can't wait to hear teh tea."
t "Let's go, stud!"
a "Not in public, stupid."
Whoosh.
They're gone the next second.
They teleport away the next second without warning.
y simple"Ok, bye?"
How come Tate was so easy to convince?
Me and Dallan stroll over to our original places, where Chelsie and Rose were waiting.
Coal runs in with the energy of a thousand suns before they can get a word in.
co "You two were so cool, the best match of the day, I doubt anything can compare!"
co "I'm in a rush just wanted to congratulate you, byenowseeyoulater!"
r "Aaand he's gone."
ch "This just means I have more time to congratulate my two best friends here."
ch "Come here!"
She gives us a tight hug.
y hurt3"Care to join Rose?"
r "Me?"
y hurt3"I already can't breath, some crushed bones won't matter."
She seems excited for a hug.
But it might've been a mistake, as she picks the three of us up.
d "Woah!"
d "I bet you can protect so many people with these arms."
r "They make a great stew as well."
d "Oh my."
ch "Alright, I don't like the energy we've created."
y pf"Me neither…"
ch "[name], do you have any plans on taking the title of vice leader from me in the future?"
ch "Because you totally could, so I'd have to kill you before you do."
y "N-no, I don't want the responsibility."
y "I'm good with being a student."
ch "Phew."
ch "Then congrats on the victory again, you can go now."
She pushes me and Dallan towards the exit.
ch "Go have fun you two."
d "You sure you don't want to tag along?"
ch "Nope."
She gives me a wink.
Thank you, Chelsie!
You're the best!
Of course, I say that with my eyes only.
I turn around as I'm being pushed to wave a final goodbye to Rose.
The trip to the exit was hard, as more people tried to congratulate and talk to us.
But we politely ignore them all.
As we climbed back to our seats, Chelsie was nowhere to be found.
r "Hey!"
r "Good job out there."
r "You crushed it."
d "Thank you!"
d "Where is Chelsie?"
d "We heard you two cheer."
d "It meant a lot!"
r "Yeah…"
r "She…"
Rose glances at me apologetically.
r "Had to go."
r "But she sends her good wishes."
d "Hmm, it's not like her to disappear like that after a fight."
un "Haa, she hates you and didn't want to see your face."
un "Bet that's it."
r "You two should go."
r "Don't read too much into it."
r "Go have fun!"
d "Alright, we will."
d "After all, we have the whole day for ourselves."
He gives me the biggest, sweetest grin, and all the world's worries go away.
y smug"Yes."
y "The whole day."
y "Can't wait."
The trip to the exit was hard, as more people tried to congratulate and talk to us.
But we politely ignore them all.
And just like that, we're outside.
Having the rest of the day free.
Free for me to do whatever I want with Dallan.
What more could I possibly want?
Somehow, the outside world is brighter.
Either because the clouds no longer cover the sun.
Or because Dallan took my paw in his so nonchalantly that It took me some time to realize where the heat in my palm was coming from.
y "Do you have an idea of where you want to go this time?"
d "Actually… after yesterday's night encounter."
d "I stayed up a little late, just listening to you breathe."
un squint"Not sure if that's hot or creepy."
d "And I planned the whole day ahead, so we don't miss a single moment."
y ec"So I should just lay back and relax?"
d "And I'll do all the work, yes."
y "Where to first?"
d "You know how you said I should stop working and do stuff I love?"
y "aha."
d "But then I said I don't have many hobbies to choose from?"
d "Because I've been too focused on work?"
y smug"Yeees?"
d "Well, I've never been to an arcade before…"
y ec"SAY NO MORE!"
d "I think I should at least say something about its location."
y simple"Yeah, that would be a good idea."
d "Aaafter we have lunch, that is."
d "But I don't want pizza."
d "Or burgers."
d "Or any kind of fast food."
d "I haven't had a healthy, home cooked meal in so long…"
d "But I can't really cook."
d "As embarrassing as that is for someone my age."
Ughh, why did I have to focus on math instead of learning how to cook in high school.
Scribbles, PLEASE tell me you know how to cook.
un bored"I do."
YOU'RE A SAVIOR!
un "But not mortal food."
Fuck.
un simple"I could, however, guide you through a recipe."
un "You have an entire folder in your brain about different food."
Do I?
I don't remember any of it.
un "It's part of your mindless scrolling through this 'intern at'."
That explains it.
Then let's do it!
Y ec"I might be able to help with that."
y "I can cook for you, that is"
d "You'd really do that for me?"
y "Yeah!"
y "And you can help me."
y "We'll do it together."
Y determined"Let me just turn on the montage music."
d "The what?"
y smug"That's better."
y determined"Let's go."
y determined"First off we gotta get rid of these uniforms, then straight to the market!"
d"Your clothes are in my dorm, and it's close by!"
y ec"Perfect!"
Right after I take the confused but happy wolf by the bicep and drag him into the market.
un simple"Remember, he had almost nothing in his fridge or pantry when you were there last time."
un "So buy everything I tell you to!"
Un "First off, vegetables!"
Dallan guides me through the vendors he deems the worthiest, with the freshest products and pays for them, while I tell him what we need.
I'd say this is a fair team.
d "Where next?"
y determined"Fruit!"
D "Right over there!"
y "Next, noodles, oil and sauces!"
d "This grocery store is run by the cutest old couple!"
y "Beef!"
d "Right here!"
He flexes his muscles.
y ec"The quality is too high! I need cheaper cuts!"
d "Hah!"
d "There's a butcher down the road."
un "Hey, that was pretty smooth, you're learning."
y s"And last but not least, wine and a baguette!"
d "I got it!"
y smug"Nuh-uh, I'll pay for this one."
d "If you say so."
And so, with the grocery bags full and the stomachs empty, we go to Dallan's dorm.
We are ready for the fun.
It's all you now, Scribbles!
un "I got it!"
un "Woo! I'm actually hyped up for once!"
un "First recipe!"
un tease"Ratatouille!"
Ironic.
un "Preheat the oven for 375˚F!"
y determined"Preheating!"
un suspicious"Put that guy to work!"
y "Dallan, sauté the onions while I slice the vegetables!"
d "On it!"
un "I figured your date wouldn't be satiated with only one course, so we're doing three dishes and a dessert!"
That's too much!
un ang"Shut up and get to work!"
Yes chef!
un "Now arrange everything, drizzle the aromatic oil and throw it in the oven!"
y "Next on the list!"
un tease"SOUUUUUUUP!"
y ec"Soup!"
d "What kind?"
un "FRENCH ONION!"
HELL YEAH!
y "French onion soup!"
y determined"Get those onions back in!"
y "But quadruple, no, octuple the amount!"
y "Then add the stock when they're golden brown."
y "Neeext!"
un simple"Beef Stir Fry Noodles!"
y "Dallan, make the sauce with all the ingredients in this bag!"
y "Just pour everything together and don't forget a pinch of sugar!"
d "Yes sir!"
un "Watch your wrist movements when stirring!"
What am I? An amateur?
I feel like a master at work, as all the aromas come together in harmony.
I add a splash of wine, from the bottle we two have been slowly going through while munching on the baguette.
We weren't about to starve waiting to cook all the food.
d "The stir fry is done and plated, what now?"
un "Dessert!"
y ec"DESSERT!"
y "5 minute fruit mousse."
d "Woah!"
y "Get the blender out and I'll throw all the fruit with these ingredients inside."
y "You make the cream and we'll pour it in these jar like containers!"
Me and Dallan continue to mess around in the kitchen for about half an hour.
With a total of two hours, we made a three course meal and dessert.
d "I'd say we did pretty good."
y "We didn't even forget to take the ratatouille out of the oven, high five!"
We celebrate in our messy victory.
y "So all we have to do now is taste-test?"
d "Taste?"
d "I'm going to fill up like there's no tomorrow."
d "Oooh, get that cheese stretch on the onion soup."
y smug"Get those perfect veggie layers on the ratatouille."
un "Bon appétit."
un "I have to say, I'm quite proud of myself."
un "I managed to do something I've never done before, it felt good."
Me and Dallan do a cross arm bite of our chosen dishes.
Flavors exploded in my mouth as soon as the soup hit my tongue.
It's the perfect temperature.
I look at Dallan to see his reaction, and yes, just as I thought.
Same response.
His eyes are watering and he's left speechless.
d "[name]…"
y ec"Yeah?"
d "This is…"
d "This home cooked meal is..."
y "The worst thing you've ever put in your mouth?"
d "That is exactly it."
We both start laughing while running for a trash can and the toilet.
d "How did I burn the tomatoes and undercooked everything else?"
y smileworry"How did I pick up expired beef stock?"
d "How did I forget the salt?"
d "That's LITERALLY the only seasoning I had in my pantry."
y "And did I really burn noodles?"
y "How?"
d "I'm guessing you didn't mean to LITERALLY throw all the ingredients in that bag to create the sauce?"
d "I'm afraid we'll have to order takeout."
The doorbell rings.
y smug"I knew this would happen."
y "So I did that ahead of time."
d "My hero!"
un cry"*sniff sniff*"
Scribbles?
Are you crying too?
un cry"OF COURSE I'M CRYING!"
un "You ruined my perfectly good instructions."
un "And made a fool out of me."
un "I will never cook again!"
It's not your fault, me and Dallan just suck.
Plus, this fruit mousse still looks good.
un "Well yeah, you two are slightly bigger failures than me."
un "I never doubted that."
un "But I'll need a minute to recover."
un "Excuse me."
y "Might as well try this."
Me and Dallan share one of the dessert jars.
d "Yum, this is actually pretty good!"
d "Dessert is my favorite anyway."
y "At least we didn't fuck something up."
For the next half an hour, we lay on the ground, eating pizza, drinking wine and eating fruit mousse and giggling at our failure.
y s"This pizza is really good."
d "Did you order from that place with the wood oven?"
y "I don't know, I just picked the closest one I could find on the map."
d "Then we were lucky."
y smug"One lucky thing today."
y "Sorry for the mess, by the way."
d "It's fine, I like cleaning."
y ec"I'll help."
y smileworry"I just wish I could've delivered on that home cooked meal I promised."
d "…"
d "This is still a great outcome."
d "Maybe better even."
y "How so?"
y "We made food for strays."
d "This was the most fun I had since my early academy years!"
y "For real?"
d "Yeah!"
d "It was totally awesome."
d "I get to have good pizza with my…"
d "With a special person."
d "And the fact that the house is not filled with the blackest of smokes?"
d "I call this an absolute win!"
No longer a friend… now I'm a special person.
y ec"I think I was filled with more adrenaline while cooking than while fighting."
d "I know, right!?"
y "Hehe."
d "Ha."
y simple"..."
y "I'm full."
d "I'll take the rest, don't mind me."
y determined"Next time, I'm not going to mess it up."
y "I'll make you my mom's chicken noodle soup."
d "That excites me, because it means we'll do this again."
y "Where should we go next?"
y s"Maybe the arcade?"
d "I can barely wait."
d "Should we go right now?"
y ec"Yes, right now!"
I rush out the door, making Dallan hurry after me, remembering to lock the door.
He has a pizza slice in his mouth.
un bored"What a dork."
Hey, you didn't call him an idiot this time!
un eyeroll "Well, I guess some strange habits aren't always a sign of stupidity."
My handsome dork...
As we get there, Dallan begins to look less excited.
y smug"Nervous?"
d "I've never done this before, [name]."
d "What do you even do there?"
y ec"Just have fun."
y "And the fun part is that you can disconnect your brain."
y smug"Something you really need."
d "Alright, I'm ready."
The inside of the arcade was exactly what I imagined.
A big, dark, neon room.
Full of games and gambling machines.
Somehow there aren't any kids around, not even teens.
But I'm forgetting this is technically a school day.
Dallan's 'go to' games were the carnival, hands on type games.
Basketball, shoot the duck and others.
And the truth is.
He sucks at all of them…
d "Grr."
d "Am I not getting it in the hole?"
y awkward"You're getting close."
y "Kinda."
y "You've never been to an arcade before, so take your time."
d "But you said you've never been to one either."
I'm standing behind Dallan with two armfuls of tickets.
y "Erm, beginners luck."
d "But-"
Dallan was cut off by two people approaching us.
b "Hey guys, how was your shower?"
d "Hi Bean!"
y bored"You mean the one from yesterday?"
b "Woah, you did it so fast."
b "Oh right, you don't wait for your clothes to dry in the shower."
y bored"Anyway."
y "More importantly."
y pf"Why is Unknown in public with you?"
unk "Sup?"
b "Dallan doesn't mind."
y "Dallan, do you-"
He's too focused on getting the ball in the hoop.
y angry"For crying out loud."
I take the ball and score a perfect one hundred, winning him the jackpot.
b "Wohooo!"
b "Way to go Dallan!"
He gets a big penguin with the winning tickets.
That he's very happy with.
d "Thank you [name]!"
d "What were we talking about?"
Y bored"Unknown is here."
d "oh."
d "Why?"
b "Chill out, nobody knows he's… you know."
d "A Nightfallen?"
b "Gay."
b "He needed to get some fresh air so we decided to hang out here."
y bored"And you're not set on killing me anymore?"
unk "You mean rape and kidnap you?"
unk "Nah."
unk "I'm free from my master."
d "What did your master say when you came empty handed?"
unk "He did this."
y scared3"HOLY SHI-"
I cover my mouth before I attract too much attention.
d "That's horrible."
unk "It's not as bad as it looks."
unk "I'm slowly regenerating."
unk "By the way, I found out that 'Unknown' is not my real name."
unk "Master called me dumb for even thinking that."
unk "So Bean gave me a new name."
b "He's Jerry."
je "I'm Jerry now."
d "Nice to meet you again, Jerry."
y pf "Is... is Jerry wearing a Versaci vest?"
b "Yeah, I know, out of season, I wanted to get him something better, but he didn't want to cover up his battle scars."
je "They are a symbol of my pride and accomplishments."
So he really is loaded...
b "I started carrying honey with me, for revenge."
y simple"What do you mean?"
b "Jerry said his master is allergic to bees."
b "But I can't carry a bee around, insects freak me out."
And a live Nightfallen doesn't…
b "So honey."
y "I don't think it has the same effect as a bee sting."
b "Whatever dude, you shower naked."
b "Your opinion isn't the most valid."
d "Can I go back to the elephant in the room and ask, are you going to be alright, Jerry?"
d "That wound looked nasty."
je "Yeah, my energy levels are kept high."
je "Bean is helping me."
b "That's what bros are for."
y pf"Are you saying you two… have sex together?"
b "Yeah, but like, no homo, you know?"
je "There's nothing homosexual about helping a bro out."
je "Bean said so."
je "Bean is teaching me a lot of new things."
je "I am forever grateful."
b "Now come ooon."
b "Do the thing I told you to do."
je "Now?"
b "Yes."
Jerry sighs and starts to slide down the cloth that's covering his crotch.
b "No dude, not that."
b "We do that in private."
b "I was talking about apologizing."
je "oh."
je "In that case, Dallan."
b "[name]."
b "The hot one is Dallan."
je "In that case, [name]…"
je "Really, that's your name?"
b "I know, It took me a while to get over it as well."
y simple"What's wrong with my name?"
je "Anyway, I realized I never apologized for drugging and stealing your wallet."
y "Rape and kidnap."
d "Actually it was attempted murder, I believe."
b "It was a combination of crimes."
je "Whatever it was, I want to apologize."
je "I promise I will never harm anything that's not a Nightfallen again."
je "Because if I do, Bean will never do that thing with his tongue that really gets me-"
b "I think that's enough, he gets it."
y s"Apologies accepted."
y simple"But what's wrong with my name?"
je "Accepted?"
je "You can deny them as well?"
y simple"Pretty much."
je "What happens then?"
y "We remain enemies."
je "So… if you accepted."
b "It means you are now buddies."
b "Nice."
je "Two friends in two days…"
d "Don't forget me!"
je "Three friends…"
je "I didn't cry having a hole blasted though part of my body, but this…"
je "This makes me shed a tear."
b "Awww, let's go powder your mask in the bathroom."
b "We'll meet you guys at the entrance, we can hang out some more after that."
d "Those two are a thing, huh?"
y simple"They say they're not."
d "I think there is no better definition of 'friends with benefits' than that."
y smug"I don't know, it kinda looks like true love to me."
d "Heh."
y simple"But I still want to know what's wrong with my name..."
Our day continues.
We play more games in the meantime, Dallan is getting slightly better, and even managed to win a keychain with a baby dragon on it.
Together with his massive penguin we walk towards the entrance.
Bean and Jerry meet us there, and we go on a double date.
Of course, me and Dallan are not officially a thing and those two say they're also not romantic with each other.
So the date is all in my mind.
We go for ice cream and Jerry eats thirteen cones.
Apparently, if you have a mask on your face, nobody will question your species.
After all, we're inside the barrier, nobody would think a Nightfallen was right in front of them, eating a frozen dessert.
Somehow, even after so much ice cream, I still have no idea how he eats.
We stop to listen to a street performer singing some jazz with his saxophone, to which both Dallan and Jerry started moving and dancing to.
Bean ventures to the nearby fountain and tries to make a wish.
But he wanted the coin back so he leaned in to take it.
Ends up falling in the fountain, and Dallan rescues him.
The water was less than two feet deep, but he almost drowned, and he ended up needing chest compressions.
New fact, Jerry is afraid of water, and almost had a heart attack seeing Bean get wet.
Jerry takes him home for the day, with a final warning from Dallan to not compromise Jerry's identity, under any circumstance.
Overall, since we've won the battle, I've seen nothing but smiles and laughter on Dallan's face.
So this was a big success in my book.
And I got enough happy memories in one day, to give me dopamine for months.
d "I hope those two are happy together."
d "Despite their weird relationship."
y simple"Might have to check on them from time to time."
d "We really should."
d "Good news."
d "I have one last stop I want to visit."
y smileworry"Awww, that's not good news at all."
y "I want more!"
d "The sun will start to go down soon, I doubt we have time for more."
d "But you'll love it, I'm sure of it."
d "Uhm."
d "But first, I want to bring mister penguin and dragon back to my dorm."
d "If you don't mind."
We leave his prizes at home, then I follow Dallan back into the street.
d "Alright, ready to go?"
y ec"Sure."
y s"Where though?"
d "Pretty far away actually."
d "Into the forest."
y smileworry"You mean outside the barrier?"
d "Yes, why?"
d "Scared?"
y awkward"N-no."
y "I have a Nightfallen friend."
d "You don't have to worry about a thing."
d "I promise no harm will come to you."
d "Not to mention you're protected by my ability still."
y s"That does ease my worries."
y simple"But wouldn't that be… super far away?"
d "Ah."
d "Now, you will get to experience one of Lakonia's greatest and most popular activities."
d "Bike riding!"
y s"I haven't done that in years."
y "Where do we even get bikes?"
d "There are bike rentals all over town."
d "The closest one should be right behind the corner."
d "I'll get them and we can ride to our destination in less than ten minutes."
He comes back with two red bicycles.
y bored"No helmets?"
y "I expected more from a rule obsessed guy like you."
d "Heh, I'm the Defender's leader."
d "If I can't protect two heads from a fall, what use do I have?"
y "You do make a good pillow."
A blush crosses his cheeks.
We get on our seats and start our little journey.
I make sure to stay a couple of feet behind Dallan.
Both because I don't know the way, and because he likes to sit up from his bike with every leg movement.
And I'm not going to miss the view of those shorts stretching.
His thighs moving and jiggling.
If I crash in a random bush, so be it.
d "How do you feel, riding for the first time in a long while?"
y ec"Like a free bird!"
y "I forgot how nice the wind can feel in your fur."
d "We are about to exit the barrier, eyes and ears out."
The forest path we're taking is beautiful, but somewhat dark.
The forest is dense and the sound of birds can be heard all around.
y s"Are you going to tell me what this place we're going to is?"
d "Can't you hear it?"
y confused"Hear?"
y "I-"
y shoked"Wait."
As we go further into the forest, a distant thunderous sound hits my ears.
y "What is that?"
The noise gets louder and louder, until the trees slowly disappear and reveal a grand waterfall.
y "Woah."
d "Isn't it cool?"
The waterfall is aquarium-blue.
A small part was split to the side, drizzling onto the rocks below.
The larger waterfall was pounding in the crystal clear pool below with an ear splitting roar.
It looked like a wall of blue satin threaded with silver, in front of which a bright rainbow was visible.
The flowers next to it are gently splashed by the droplets.
The many blue butterflies flying about, trying to find a way to get to them without getting wet.
y surprised"It's beautiful."
d "WHAT?"
y laugh"I SAID IT'S BEAUTIFUL, I LIKE IT!"
d "I'M ASSUMING BY YOUR ANGRY FACE AND SHOUTS THAT YOU WANT TO GO!"
d "LET'S GO!"
y surprised"WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!"
Un suspicious"Getting close to a waterfall is all fun and games until your eardrums are getting violated."
I follow Dallan further away from the sound source.
d "I might've overestimated our hearing capabilities when close to that thing."
y s"I was shouting that I love how it looks."
y "I come from the city, so natural beauties like that are not found at the grocery store or the skate park."
d "I'm so happy you like it."
d "The sound always calms me down."
d "Although I never get too close."
d "Sensitive ears, you know?"
y "I get it."
y "Do you come here often?"
d "No, that's why I wanted to take you here."
d "It's getting boring on my own pretty quick."
d "The few times I did come I was doing homework under the trees."
d "But today, I want to spend some time in your company, while under some shade."
d "Come, this way."
y "More surprises?"
d "Ta-da!"
As Dallan pushes some bushes aside.
I see a large picnic cloth lying on the soft grass.
A basket of goodies and drinks on top.
y surprised"Food, nature, company."
y "Yep, that has you written all over it."
y "But when did you have the time to prepare it?"
d "I had a little help."
d "Our friends were nice enough to hand me some time off of their busy schedule."
d "So, let me make this official."
d "[name] [name2]."
d "Will you give me the honor of accompanying me, in this little hobby of mine?"
y ec"Absolutely."
y "Is it weird that I'm actually kind of hungry already?"
d "Only natural, if you're hanging out with me."
We sit down, with the sound of the waterfall in the background.
Blue butterflies dance around us, taking a particular interest in Dallan's snout.
We eat, drink and talk like we didn't just meet two days ago.
Nightfallen, future classes and the mysterious test were the main topics.
All of which slowly started to bring the mood down.
d "So as I was saying, the new Headmaster is already making a great-"
y simple"Do you want to play kiss, marry, kill?"
d "Huh?"
y smileworry"Sorry, I just thought we could change the conversation to something with less meaning, but more fun."
d "I know your intention, but don't you mean FUCK, marry kill?"
y "I thought it would be improper to use that."
d "HA!"
d "Who do you think I am?"
d "You don't think just because I follow rules, I don't have game, do you, [name]?"
y awkward"noooo, obviously not."
You're too hot to not have game...
d "Then let's play."
We lost track of time as the game got more and more heated.
We started off easy, with candidates like: the secretary and the twin bear brothers.
Or strangers we've met while hanging out, at the arcade, market or the park.
y worried"Can't believe you'd kill poor mister Shaszu."
y "He sold you the juiciest tomatoes."
d "He's almost ninety!"
d "I'm not going to take the life of that nice couple that gave us their phone number for a foursome."
d "Besides, they'd be easy to convince."
y pf"But they were so creepy…"
d "Anyway, my turn."
d "What about, between Rose, Coal aaaand…"
d "Bean with Jerry."
y bored"That's four people."
d "I know, but Bean and Jerry make such a good pair, you can't not include them both in you choice."
y s"That's fair."
y "In that case."
menu kill1:
The person I would Kill is-
d "Really?"
d "How so?"
y simple"I don't know."
y "I think I just find the others more attractive."
d "I can see that."
d "Next?"
d "You already chose Rose."
y "Oh, sorry."
d "Really?"
d "How so?"
y simple"I don't know."
y "I think I just find the others more attractive."
d "I can see that."
d "Next?"
d "You already chose Coal."
y "Oh, sorry."
d "Awwww, not Bean and Jerry!"
d "How so?"
y simple"I don't know."
y "I think I just find the others more attractive."
d "I suppose can see that."
d "Next?"
d "You already chose Bean and Jerry."
y "Oh, sorry."
menu fuck1:
The person I would fuck is
d "That's interesting."
d "Any particular reason?"
y smug"She's hot?"
y "What other reason is there?"
d "Understandable."
d "Next in line?"
d "You already chose Rose."
y "Oh, oops."
d "That's interesting."
d "Any particular reason?"
y smug"He's hot?"
y "What other reason is there?"
d "Understandable."
d "Next in line?"
d "You already chose Coal."
y "Oh, oops."
d "That's interesting."
d "Any particular reason?"
y simple"I feel bad about double homicide, and I do not want to spend the rest of my life with them either."
d "That is very fair."
d "Next in line?"
d "You already chose them once."
d "Think of someone else."
menu marry1:
The person I would Marry is
d "How come?"
y smug"I like strong people."
y "And spending the rest of my life between a pair of strong thighs is the dream."
He blushes.
d "h-ha ha, yeah, I get what you're saying."
d "You already chose Rose."
y "Sorry."
d "How come?"
y s"He has a certain calm and friendly charm."
y "I wouldn't mind spending my life with someone like that."
He blushes.
d "h-ha ha, yeah, I get what you're saying."
d "You already chose Coal."
y "Oh, oops."
d "How come?"
y bored"Honestly man, I have no idea."
y "I might be drunk off sandwiches or something."
d "You already chose them."
y simple"Oh, oops."
d "Interesting choices."
y smug"Finally, my turn."
d "Hit me."
y smug"Fuck, marry, kill between…"
y "Chelsie."
d "Oh boy."
y "Headmaster Argus."
d "No no no…"
y "And…"
y blush"Me?"
He looks stunned for a moment.
d "Come on, you can't put yourself in here."
y smug"Why not?"
y "It's just a game."
y "I won't be mad if you want to kill me."
d "…"
d "In that case… I suppose I would."
d "Hmm."
d "This is hard."
d "As much as I love what Headmaster Argus does, I have to put my friends first."
d "So I would have to kill him."
d "Then I would.."
d "Fuck."
d "And marry you."
d "And I would let Chelsie go, thatsmyfinalanswerletscontinue."
It is my turn to be shocked.
y shoked"You didn't respect the rules, for the second time in a row."
d "I suppose when the rules are dumb, it is fine to break them."
d "Chelsie is my best friend, so I would never sleep with her."
d "And marrying her would be a kind of a joke…"
d "But I wouldn't mind."
d "Errm."
d "Doing the other stuff with you."
My tail curls in excitement, I smile and look away embarrassed.
We sit there without a word, engulfed by the sound of water and birds.
d "I know that my thanks are starting to feel a little dry, because of the frequency at which they come out of my mouth