."
y awkward"Uhm, I'll pass, thanks."
a "Shall we go?"
a "Practice starts soon."
d "Oh, right!"
d "[name], we should probably tell you what this practice is about."
y s"Chelsie explained it a little bit, might need more information."
a "Let's get going to make sure we aren't late, we'll explain everything once we're there."
d "All we need now are some snacks and we are good to go."
a "You and your twenty pound stomach."
d "I need it for the muscles!"
t "Sure you do."
d "Hey!"
y smug"Heh."
We end up buying a bunch of food, drinks and more.
Dallan paying for everything.
The rich to the rescue!
We slowly munch while they tell me more about their awesome detention shenanigans and I talk about my morning with Chelsie.
a "Detention?"
a "Fun?"
a "Alright weirdos, have your fun being stuck in a room for hours."
a "I'm not sticking around for that."
a "Cya."
Aiden walks away mumbling angrily to himself.
a "Detention my ass..."
d "I guess the three of us will have all the fun."
d "Come on!"
d "To the detention room!"
t "Woohoo!"
Tate is way more excited than I thought.
He holds my arm tightly with both paws all the way there.
Seeing that, Dallan decides to try and do the same.
He does have to crouch just a little so that he doesn't lift my arm in an uncomfortable position.
It's not the most pleasant of situations for my paws, but the purrs and tail wags that hit the back of my thighs make it bearable.
y "Sooo, how far away do we go?"
d "It's just around the corner."
y pf"And what do you usually do in that 'detention'."
d "Just waste time."
t "And get bored to death."
t "I usually just take a nap."
d "And I keep an eye on him not to run away."
We arrive in front of yet another simple looking door.
We go inside, Dallan closes it behind us and turns towards some kind of machine on the wall.
It looks like what some people use to clock in and out of work.
d "Come on, you know what to do."
Tate grumpily says his full name to the machine.
Also the time.
t "Tate Foster."
t "September second, 2036."
I whisper to Dallan.
y simple"What and why?"
d "It's a special detention tool, so students can't skip on detention."
d "Especially when I'm in charge."
d "It was only installed at the end of last year."
d "Believe me, I'd love to let Tate go with a slap on the wrist, but we can't because of this."
d "Once he says his name and date, the device is going to track his presence in the room."
t "It's the stupidest thing someone could ever make."
t "It is killing me and my plans."
t "But today you're here, so it might not be as bad."
t "Alright."
t "Come on."
Before we start doing anything, the door opens yet again and Aiden walks in with his hands in his pockets.
He looks embarrassed.
None of us say anything, we just stare.
a "What are you all looking at me like that for?"
d "Uhm, what brings yo-"
a "You know that stupid cat can teleport whenever he wants."
a "I'm just…"
a "Here to make sure that doesn't happen."
t "I wouldn't dare teleport out anyway."
t "I'd just get more detention time."
d "Glad you decided to join our weirdo group!"
d "Whatever the reason might be."
a "Sure."
He takes a seat in front of the class, places his feet on the table, takes out a ball from his dimensional pocket and throws it up and down repeatedly.
He's so cool…
Old school cool.
The rest of us sit down at one of the tables.
Well, me and Tate did, the tables were too small to fit three people, especially someone his size.
But my mood brightened when he pushed his table against mine so we could be closer.
t "Alright, I'll take a nap, wake me up when this is over and practice is about to start."
y bored"Wait, what?"
y "What did you need me for if you were just going to nap?"
t "Well you have to hold my paw, obviously."
t "So I…"
t "Don't run away?"
y "*Sigh*"
He takes my paw in his and looks at me with puppy eyes… or kitten.
Am I really going to say no to this?
y "Fine…"
y "If we're here already."
y "Might as well."
My words barely escape my mouth and Tate is already snoring.
d "Thank you for doing this, [name]."
d "It's nice to just relax and not have to hold him in place."
y ec"My pleasure."
y simple"Do you have to do this often?"
d "Not very, just for Tate, because he's a little more complicated than others."
d "But he's one of the only students to get detention… so I suppose I should say yes?"
y "Are you the only one that deals with his detentions?"
y "It doesn't seem fair."
d "Oh, no, only until the teachers come to campus and we start having actual classes."
d "They take detention duty off my paws."
d "But again, until then, kind of… yes."
I look at Tate's paw in mine.
That position does not look very comfortable for him.
d "Heh, you can let go of his paw, he's a heavy sleeper."
I put his hand away and feel him stir for a second.
Then he's peaceful again.
y smug"Sweet relief."
I feel a little sorry for Dallan, he obviously doesn't know how to say no, which is exactly why I feel bad.
Combine this with the overworked factor and the way his colleagues suffocate him.
I'd argue he needs a break.
I need to help him and show my appreciation!
But how do I do that here, in detention…
As my mind wanders through different ideas, my eyes drift towards the window.
A grand, old tree attracts my attention.
We are not too far up, just past where the tree's trunk ends and its branches begin.
A small shadow blocks the sun that's hitting my face for a fraction of a second, bringing my moment of meditation to an end.
What was…
I get up and approach the window, looking for whatever just flew by.
Tate continues to sleep undisturbed, Aiden looks in my direction but continues to do what he does.
Dallan decides to approach me.
d "Something wrong?"
y pf"I thought I saw something."
He opens the window and raises his ears.
The only things we can hear are the wind moving the tree's branches, students shouting in the distance and birds.
And meows?
Scanning the surrounding area, I see a family of tressyms.
Or more like 2 very loud cubs that just can't wait for their mama to come back with food.
d "Awww, babies."
Dallan seems to like them as well.
I mean, who wouldn't?
They're just kittens, but with wings.
y s"I always wanted a tressym pet."
y bored"My mom was against it."
d "How so?"
y simple"I don't know, she's just strictly against it."
y "We had a goldfish once, then he died and we never got another pet again."
y "We were never even given an explanation."
y "She seemed distressed."
d "Hmm, weird, did you not take care of him properly perhaps?"
y worried"But I did!"
y "He was completely fine, then the next day, boom."
y simple"Gone."
y "Sometimes I wonder if she might've tried to cover her own mistake."
y "But that is so much not like her."
d "Pets weren't allowed in my family either."
d "Those would 'distract' my brothers from achieving perfection."
y surprised"You have brothers?"
d "Several, yes."
d "I'm the second youngest."
y smug"Are they as charming as you?"
d "Ha, hardly."
d "How come you-"
Dallan stops mid track as the shadow comes back and it crashes in one of the tree's branches.
I now have a clearer view of what it is…
y surprised"It's…"
y pf"Uhmm."
y "Dallan, what is that?"
d "No clue yet."
The flying stingray-slash-butterfly frantically tries to fly through the many leaves and branches.
Suddenly it screeches and dives down.
a "That's a Nightfallen!"
Aiden shouts.
It seems we got his attention as well.
y shoked"It's going for the cubs!"
a "How the fuck did a Nightfallen get inside the barrier?!"
d "I don't-"
y worried"DALLAN!"
y "DO SOMETHING!"
d "I DON'T KNOW WHERE IT IS, IT'S MOVING TOO FAST!"
Aiden just got here and barely knows what's going on.
Dallan must be overwhelmed and doesn't know where the Nightfallen went.
Tate is… still sleeping like a rock.
Guess this one's on me.

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I do?
→ Act.
→ Screw this.
→ I'm not going to stay idle and watch.
→ I place my feet on the windowsill and cast my strength and speed boosts.
→ The only spells I know that are actually somewhat useful.
→ And with a big windup, I jump.
→ The adrenaline is rushing through me.
→ The jump was strong enough to get me to one of the tree's branches, but I still need to get to the cubs.
→ Thanks to my increased strength I can pull myself up and use some of the other branches as monkey bars.
→ I can hear Aiden and Dallan freaking out by the window.
→ I look down for a second and..
→ Oh man.
→ Height is suddenly so much scarier when you're at the risk of falling down whenever.
→ The Nightfallen is getting closer, less and less leaves in its way to stop it.
→ I won't make it.
→ Scribbles!
→ Do something!
→ ANYTHING!
→ The creature is now in full view, and it's uglier than I thought.
→ It reaches its target and unhinges its jaw, revealing rows of sharp teeth.
→ One more jump between me and them.
→ But it's still too far.
→ I'm sorry, little ones.
→ BANG!
→ The nightfallen gets intercepted by a golden wall.
→ Then captured in a cage.
→ No, not captured.
→ The walls of the cage close down more and more.
→ The Nightfallen is crushed.
→ Squished, mashed, destroyed.
→ Until only smoke remains in its place.
→ And the cage disappears.
→ Leaving me hanging beside the little babies that are still meowing for food like they weren't about to be food themselves.
→ Lucky little bastards.
→ Oh, I'm so glad you're safe!
→ My first reaction obviously is to pet them and see if they're ok.
→ I look back towards the window, a worried wolf and tiger looking at me with eyes full of relief.
→ About that…
→ How do I get back?
→ The emotions and adrenaline are gone, making being in a tree much more frightening.
→ Don't look down, don't look down, don't look down.
→ My claws are planted deep in the tree's bark.
→ Another golden object, this time a bridge, appears from my feet to the window.
→ Dallan's powers are awesome, and I don't even know yet what those are exactly.
→ I get back to them and he immediately takes me in another hug.
→ Is he, crying?
→ Or at least shedding some tears?
→ Whatever he does, one thing's for sure.
→ He's crushing me.
→ Got to get away, thankfully he let's go after my next comment.
→ I was so happy hearing them praise me, that I almost forgot…
→ Aiden takes a look out the window to the burrow the cubs were in, now completely empty.
→ We look at Tate, still snoring on the tables without a care in the world.
→ Oh fuck, I don't remember…
→ Are you sure?
→ He clenches his fists with a determined look in his eyes.
→ Dallan's ears look like they're about to fall.
→ Hearing the words 'stupid' and 'Headmaster' in the same sentence must've been hard for him.
→ We look at the broken branches and fallen leaves that cover the grass below.
→ Me and Dallan laugh, and even Aiden lets out a chuckle.
→ Watch.
→ I can't do anything about it…
→ I don't have any cool powers to reach them.
→ Aiden came late and still can't find our targets.
→ Dallan is confused by all the chaos the Nightfallen makes flying through the leaves and hitting the branches.
→ But there weren't supposed to be predators here, because of the barrier…
→ I see the creature in the corner of my eye.
→ It dives towards the kittens.
→ Dallan tries to cast some magic to protect them, but he doesn't know where to aim.
→ Aiden is still confused at the thought of a Nightfallen being here.
→ Dallan creates a big shield in front of us and sends it flying towards the sounds, clearing off all the leaves and small branches that obscured our vision so far.
→ But it was too late, all it did was let us see how the stingray-like creature smashes into the nest and… they both disappear in smoke.
→ T-they, disappeared?
→ Was that an illusion?
→ Or summons?
→ Or teleportation?
→ We all turn around to look at Tate, still sleeping, not a care in the world.
→ No…
→ Dallan seems a little sad awaiting my response.
→ My lack of empathy must've made Dallan feel bad.
→ And if he feels bad, I feel bad…
→ Thankfully, he shakes himself and turns back to his cheerful attitude.
→ We all laugh together, even Aiden lets out a chuckle at his own joke, looking at the mess Dallan made with only a shield.
→ Ha!
→ So everything turned out fine after all!
→ Never punished.
--- END CHOICES ---

We go back to what we were doing before the chaos erupted.
Un simple "I got an idea!"
What idea?
un "About how to get out of here with the wolf."
You've been thinking about that all this time?
While we were having a crisis?
un eyeroll"Oh please, it was two cats with wings, the world would still spin without them."
Heartless…
Did I expect anything else?
Whatever.
Spill it!
un bored"Alright, but only because this detention is already boring me."
A Nightfallen attack is not entertaining to you?...
un "A FAKE attack you mean?"
un "Not really."
un simple"Ok, you ready?"
All ears.
un "You get out of detention and leave the cat alone."
Ok, and then?
un bored"That's it, that's the plan."
It's not very helpful.
Un squint"It's logical!"
Un suspicious"What is he?"
Un "A toddler?"
Don't call him that.
un bored"You were literally holding his paw a minute ago."
un suspicious"He is a grown ass adult, at least when it comes to your species, he has to face the consequences of his actions alone!"
un "Just give him a stern talking, get the other two and have a threesome outside the door to show him who's in charge around here!"
You seemed like the voice of reason until the last part.
I want to get Dallan out, but not by hurting anyone's feelings.
un eyeroll"Weak."
I'd rather be weak than a monster.
un "Second idea then."
un "One that might just be as fun."
Hm?
un bored"You play truth or dare with these guys."
Truth or dare?
un tease"Yeah!"
un "As far as my research in the movies department went, the presence of this silly game is responsible for almost all drama and plot points of said movies."
You watched too much TV already...But I'm intrigued.
Go ooon.
un "You team up with that Dallan in a truth or dare DEATHMATCH."
un "The winning team gets to leave."
un "The worst case scenario is that you end up having fun."
un "Maybe even I will get some entertainment value here."
But, if Tate wins, how is he going to get out?
It's HIS detention.
un bored"First off, he's not going to win."
un curious"Secondly, isn't that tiger guy like a shadow, light, illusion specialist or something?"
un "I bet he can shapeshift you into looking like the cat."
un "I mean, you are both already scrawny and short, can't be that hard."
I look at Tate, he is completely out.
Just like in the meeting yesterday.
Silence envelops the room.
I can hear Tate's steady breathing, Aiden's ball catching, the clock on the wall ticking and even Dallan's tail wagging against the chair beside me.
I do want to get Dallan out of here...
Alright, might as well try, just to boost morale before going.
un tease"Nice!"
One rule.
un bored"There we go."
No cheating.
un heart"What?"
un squint"But."
No buts.
un eyeroll"Aghh, fine, play clean, don't blame me when you lose."
Let's do this then.
y "Guys, I have an idea."
y "Seems like we're all a little bored."
y "Maaaaaybe spending time in detention isn't as fun as it seemed at first."
a "Wow, what a revelation."
a "I don't disagree."
a "But there is nothing we can do now."
y smug"Actually, there might be."
d "I'm all ears."
a "Same here."
un tease"Good, you piquid their interests."
y smug"Let's play some truth or dare."
A "That sounds… interesting."
D "I'm down!"
d "But what does this have to do with your 'getting out idea'?"
Y "I'll tell you all the details once we start."
a "Alright, someone wake up that idio-"
He's already up!
Tate is sitting criss-crossed on the table near me with an excited look in his eyes.
t "Hue hue hue."
t "I am a PROFESSIONAL at this game."
t "I played this at MANY parties!"
t "And I never lost!"
a "That's because people always dared you to go home and you actually did."
t "Doesn't that mean I won?"
a "Uhh, yeah, sure."
A "Do we bet on anything?"
Un "Nice, he wants to win something, this is your chance."
Y "What if we team up in pairs, and the winners get to be free for the rest of the day?"
d "YES!"
Dallan lets his thoughts out a bit louder than intended and blushes.
d "Sorry, not that I hate being around you Tate."
d "Just…"
a "He's a nightmare to deal with?"
d "Kind of, yes…"
t "Understandable."
A "So that's your master plan, [name], interesting."
t "But hey!"
t "Wait, I don't win anything with this."
Y simple"If you and your partner wins, Aiden can shapeshift one of the losers into you, right?"
A "Yeah, that's true, it should work fine against the device."
T "Great!"
t "Then I like this plan."
t "I do have…"
t "Stuff to attend to."
t "So I can't be stuck here all day."
a "There isn't really a way for us to determine if we are telling the truth, so I think we should only do dares."
d "Makes sense, when the stakes are this high."
y simple"Are there no devices that make you tell the truth?"
a "What? No…"
a "This is the real world, wake up [name]."
y "ok."
d "How do we decide on partners?"
A "I'll sacrifice myself and take this one as my partner."
He points at Tate.
T "But I wanted-"
He grabs Tate and whispers something in his ear.
T "Oh, you really think so?"
un "They must think you and the wolf are the weak links, because you're both too nice."
un "Which is true, without cheating, you'll be eaten alive in this game."
We'll see about that.
t "Alright, so it's me and Aiden vs [name] and Dallan."
A "Any rules?"
D "I got this."
Of course, the rule expert is going to make those up.
d"One- Dares can not be impossible, or harmful towards one's self or others."
d"Two- No leaving the room under any circumstances."
d"Three- failing to do the dare even once, means it's a loss."
d"Four- if you don't do the dare properly the first time, you'll have to repeat it, or lose."
d"Questions?"
t "Do we dare the pair or individuals."
a "Just individuals, this way, they can be blamed for the other's weakness."
t "Sheesh."
y "Who goes first, and in which order?"
Aiden takes out an empty wine bottle from his dimensional pocket.
a "Here."
a "I'll go first, we'll spin the bottle, and I'll dare whoever it lands on between the two of you."
a "Then we'll pass the bottle clockwise."
d "Sounds good."
t "Let's do this!"
We sit down around one of the tables.
Aiden spins the bottle.
My heart is pounding, why is that?
un tease"Because there are no rules for dirty stuff, heheheeee."
un "The slut in you really wants to have fun with them~"
Aren't you the slut in me?
Demon of lust and stuff.
un surprised"N-no."
un squint"Yes?"
un ang"Shut up!"
After a couple of seconds of complete agony and anticipation, it lands on Dallan.
un bored"I bet he's gonna make him break some lame school rules or something."
un "It might just work, actually."
un "I think you just lost."
He can be a rebel.
I hope.
a "Dallan, I dare you…"
a "To demonstrate your little talent to [name]."
Dallan was nervous when the bottle landed on him, but not anymore.
d "Oh, that's easy!"
He proceeds to lock his paws together behind his back.
Then move them above his head while still holding on, until they were in front of him.
d "Ta-daa."
d "I'm a little more flexible than I look."
Me and Tate start applauding him in awe.
a "no no no."
a "Not your party talent."
a "I mean, it's pretty cool, but I know showing that one off is not a problem for you."
a "I want your OTHER talent."
a "The one you won through hard work."
The nervous smile came back, and Aiden has a new, mischievous grin on his face.
d "Ahmm, are you sure?"
d "Haha, I mean, it's not very interesting."
d "I don't think it's a very good dare."
d "Nobody really cares, especially not [name]."
d "Come on, give me another one."
a "No take backs, do it or you lose."
d "C-can I at least keep my jacket on?"
a "I think I was clear enough, I want a demonstration."
a "As close to the original as possible."
a "Or you can call it quits, your choice."
y simple"What is this talent we're talking about?"
Dallan sighs.
d "[name], how much do you want to win this?"
y determined"I'll do anything for it."
In truth I don't care that much, but I want Dallan to relax and have some time off, so I'm doing this for him!
d "Alright then."
T "Omg."
t "He's actually going to do it."
a "I didn't expect-"
Aiden looks taken aback, but also proud.
a "Play the music, play it now!"
y simple"What is this?"
Romantic jazzy music starts playing.
d "Hey!"
d "I didn't agree to this!"
a "It's part of the dare big guy."
t "just do it already!"
Dallan takes off his jacket slowly.
Tate and Aiden are really excited about this, they keep glancing on and off between Dallan and me.
I  really don't know what to expect, but if it involves Dallan taking clothes off, I'm all in.
He is a large guy, but also very fluffy, and it's not even Winter yet.
It seems like the strip show is ending at his shirt.
He puts his hands down and forward, just below the waist.
Making his muscles, and especially pecs, more defined against the already tight shirt.
Lets out a big breath then…
Bam!
Two of his buttons go flying at the speed of light.
One of which hits me square in the forehead and I fall backwards.
d "[name]!"
d "Are you alright?!"
y hurt3"I'm more than fine."
y "You did good, Dallan."
y ec"I'm proud."
a "I'm surprised you managed to do it still."
a "I thought you got custom tailored shirts because of this."
d "I did!"
d "At the start of the summer."
t "Huge chest for a huge heart."
t "Hey, [name]."
t "Why is your nose bleeding?"
t "I thought it hit you in the forehead."
d "Sorry about that..."
d "My jacket keeps my fur and muscles compressed, so when I take it off it sometimes... does that."
a "Keep the explanations and questions for later."
a "We've got some losers to beat."
a "And I guess you did it right, don't have anything to complain about."
a "You're up wolf man."
The dare seemed way more tame than I expected.
un "Yeah, by their reaction, I thought he'd pull out his cock out and do a helicopter trick, starting to fly."
I think it's cute that he's so shy.
Even taking part of his shirt off in front of his friends is embarrassing enough for him.
Dallan gets his jacket back on and spins the bottle.
Tate is nice enough to collect the rogue buttons from the floor.
And Aiden tailors them back on with a magic needle and thread from his dimensional pocket.
un "This session might be a bit more boring than anticipated."
We watch the bottle spin in the meantime.
And spin.
And spin.
And spin.
t "We get it, you're strong, no need to let out the wrath of the Gods on this bottle."
d "Sorry."
d "I got a little excited."
Finally, it lands on Tate.
un "I wonder what lame dare will this one give."
un "Say a curse word perhaps?"
d "I dare you to kiss Aiden."
un "Aaand I was wrong again."
We stare at him with shocked expressions.
I did not expect that.
And neither did the others.
d "What?"
d "It's not such a weird dare."
d "Is it?"
a "It is absolutely disgusting!"
a "And unfair."
a "I demand another one!"
d "It doesn't break any of the rules."
a "Touching his mouth means a serious risk to my well being."
a "Both physically and mentally."
t "Oh, come on, it's not that bad."
t "I take good care of my mouth."
t "And I'm a great kisser."
t "Come here, let me show you."
a "No!"
a "Stay the hell away from me!"
d "It looks like somebody is going to lose."
t "JUST DO IT YOU PUSSY!"
Tate covers his mouth as the room gets quiet.
a "What did you just say to me?"
t "I-I didn't mean it like that."
t "You know, just-"
Aiden grabs the poor cat's tie, holds his head in place and plants a kiss on his lips.
It looked like a proper kiss, but somehow…
More violent?
That… looks like it hurts them both.
Yep.
Or maybe it was just THAT passionate?
t "Oush!"
t "Yu biph my phongue!"
t "Iph hurphs…"
a "There, we did it."
a "Happy?"
d "Hmmm, what do you think, [name]?"
y "I'd give it a pass, it's deserved."
I can tell Tate enjoyed it even if his tongue was collateral damage.
Aiden is blushing slightly.
Tate takes a minute to recover from both pain and shock.
t "My turn now, my turn!"
t "Spin my child!"
The bottle turns to me.
t "Sweet."
t "How do you do with pain?"
un "Ah, finally, someone will come in with the REAL dares."
un "Let's see a self surgery liver eating action."
Gross.
y awkward"Uhmmm."
y "I don't think we can do anything harmful with the dares."
t "It's not 'harmful'."
t "The dare can be a little painful, so don't be such a baby."
d "He's right, it's fair game if it doesn't do actual harm."
y "What did you have in mind?"
t "Let everyone in this room slap your ass as hard as they can."
t "WHILE!"
t "You're wearing only underwear."
y surprised"W-what?"
y smileworry"Can I get another one?"
I really chose the worst day to not wear my best underwear.
T "Nope."
a "Are you saying you don't want to do the dare?"
I look at Dallan's worried face and Aiden's full of wonder.
a "Don't try to tell me THAT dare is worse than having to kiss the cat."
y surprised"No, I'll do it!"
t "Nice!"
t "Who's first?"
a "I'll go."
Aiden, announces.
A little too enthusiastic. 
a "Just bend over the table and get your pants down, this will be over quick."
d "You really don't have to do this, [name]."
d "We can just stay here and uhmm, play… charades?"
I bend over and pull my pants down while looking Dallan in the eyes with determination.
y  determined"No way."
y "We are going to have fun no matter the cost."
I position myself on my elbows and hold my breath.
y "I'm ready."
y "Although I feel like I'm getting hazed."
Aiden looks at my ass for a second, they all do actually…
y simple"This is getting embarrassing."
t "Wooohoo, go go go!"
t "Slap that kitty!"
He spits in his palm.
Gets ready and...
SLAP!
y scared3"aaaaahhh-"
y scared4"AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!"
I let out a yowl of pain that grows in intensity as my skin consumes the shocking slap.
Un surprised"Ouch, was that… pain I just felt?"
un suspicious"No no no, I did not like that."
un "I was never a fan of spankings."
un "Do you mind if I cast an anti-pain aura on you?"
YOU CAN DO THAT?!
un bored"Yep."
Then you should've said so sooner, yes, cast that.
t "Good one!"
t "Look! The palm is still visible on the fabric, ha!"
a "I had better slaps."
a "Dallan?"
a "Wanna call dibs next?"
d "What, me too?"
t "Duh, I said EVERYONE in the room."
d "Then no thanks, I'll go last."
t "Alright, my turn!"
t "Time for chaos, mischief and ass touching."
Tate doesn't waste much time.
Hopefully Scribbles' spell works.
Here comes the wind-up aaaand-
SLAP!
I feel my cheeks giggle and my body move forward a little.
That was going to be somehow even harder than Aiden's slap, but I did not feel a thing.
Thanks Scribbles…
un "No problem, you owe me though."
t "What?"
t "No scream?"
t "Not even a moan?"
t "Damn it, I thought I perfected my technique."
a "Nice job pipsqueak, you wasted a perfectly good opportunity."
t "I request another attempt."
He tries to go for another round but Dallan quickly blocks his way.
d "I-I think that's enough."
d "Uhm."
d "My turn?"
t "… fine."
t "You're the strongest Dallan, make it count."
a "You better not hold back."
d "O-ok, here I go."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Dallan looks worried and uncertain, what should I say?
→ Dare
→ Hit me, hit me hard!
→ Plead
→ Flirt
→ I start wagging my tail in front of him.
→ Ok… they're going a little far.
→ But Dallan is blushing heavily.
--- END CHOICES ---

And it worked, Dallan comes closer.
He…
Pets my butt?
He gently touches it for a second.
And even gives it a light squeeze.
I might've gone overboard with my persuasive attempts.
He gets some distance.
Ok, he's doing it.
Raises his paw high, with a look of determination in his eyes.
Unfortunately for him, I won't feel a thing, but it does look like it will be a powerful blow.
Aaaand-
Slap!
y scared4"OUCH!"
Un "Ow."
Y scared3"FUCK FUCK FUCK!"
Y "SHIT!"
y hurt2"WHAT THE HELL?!"
I'm on the floor almost crying while the other two felines whizz.
This one hurt way more than Aiden's.
WHAT THE HELL SCRIBBLES?!
un tease"Ahahahahaha."
un "I decided I actually kind of like pain."
un "At least this kind of pain."
un "So I let the anti-pain aura down."
Asshole…
Tate and Aiden cheer!
t "That was awesooome!"
a "Good one Dallan!"
t "Maybe you didn't lose, but you'll feel that for a week, isn't that right, [name]?"
I pull my pants up with a grunt.
y hurt2"Can we get back to the game?"
d "Will you be able to sit down?"
t "Oh come on, I've been slapped before, it's not THAT bad."
a "Yeah, 'feeling it for a week' is just an exaggerated expression."
Indeed I can, it still hurts, but not too bad.
a "Your turn, [name]."
I grab the bottle, a little tired.
But somewhat satisfied?
un "Freak."
The bottle keeps spinning.
And it lands on…
y "Aiden."
a "Alright, what should I do?"
a "Let's get this over with."
I don't feel like thinking much right now.
And I don't want to be too mean to a brand new friend.
So I'll give him a simple one.
y s"Aiden."
y "I dare you to show us your search history."
After all, the internet only works if you're outside the barrier, so I hope he at least has one or two searches in there.
I extend my hand and wait.
A "…"
A "N-no…"
y simple"What?"
T "WHAT?"
T "What do you mean 'no'?"
T "Give him the damn phone, it's a simple dare."
A "I-"
a "Don't want to."
t "I swear-"
t "TO GOD."
t "IF YOU MAKE ME LOSE-"
t "After we KISSED!"
a "A-alright, give me a sec-"
He takes out his phone and tries to use it.
Me and Tate protest at once.
t "Hey!"
y angry"You can't delete your search history."
d "Just hand the phone over."
d "What's the big deal?"
He opens his dimensional pocket and throws the phone in.
a "NEVER!"
t "So we lost…"
t "Just like that…"
t "Fuck me…"
a "I take my privacy very seriously, unlike you, potato lips."
t "What does that even mean?"
a "You know very well what it means."
Tate stands up in anger.
Unfortunately, even against an Aiden sitting down, he's barely any taller.
D "Let's get out of here before this gets too heated."
y ec"After you!"
And with a satisfying door sound, we're out.
Dallan takes a big breath!
Then hugs me tightly.
d "Awesome thinking with the search history!"
d "I don't use my phone much, so I never would've thought of how effective that is."
d "Well, now that I'm not stuck with detention watching, I can go back to work."
y simple"W-wait."
y "No."
y "no no no no no."
d "No?"
y "No."
y determined"You are not going to work."
y "We only met yesterday, but even so, I can tell you work too much."
y "I mean, it's the second day of school for God's sake."
D "So… "
d "What do you suggest I should do?"
y ec"Let's go have some fun