."
a "There is nobody better for a defense job than him."
t "He is the leader of the Defender's Shard for a reason."
y smug"Just another basis to keep my tour guide beside me."
d "I will stick to you like a leech."
Second day of school, and I already have good friends to rely on, a personal bodyguard and a snarky demon that can be surprisingly helpful at times.
un bored"I hope you don't think that any of that happened because you're such a special and important guy."
un "I chose you out of convenience."
un squint"And everyone around here is a friendly weirdo that would go head over heels to make friends."
un "Or losers, as I like to call them."
I would respond with something, but I'm too tired to think.
My muscles start to ache already.
The other's voices are getting muffled in my ears.
I think it is time to end the day.
Hey, Dallan, I think I'll go to my dorm now.
Is what I was going to say.
If I didn't basically slam my head on the table from exhaustion.
…
My eyes open slightly, bothered by a consistent tremor, my body bouncing up and down like I'm riding on the back of an animal.
A well trained animal.
With a soft, nice smelling pelt.
Taking me through the empty town streets at night.
d "Ah, you're awake."
d "Sorry."
d "I never had the chance to carry someone sleeping on my back before."
A gentle, soft voice speaks to me.
All my remaining energy right now is used to understand the words Dallan uses.
d "Don't worry, I'll keep you safe, [name]."
d "It's my duty as leader…"
d "As friend.."
d "And as…"
d "Never mind, forget it."
d "…"
d "I had a lot of fun with you today."
d "And yesterday, even if I mostly played the tour guide."
d "You even made my detention watching fun."
d "Not to mention, got me out of doing it."
pass
d "We ate a lot of food."
d "And it never tasted as good as it did with you."
d "When that Nightfallen attacked you, I was ready to kill it."
d "I'm not usually quick to get angry."
d "But I couldn't take the audacity."
d "Sorry for rambling, I know you probably can't even hear any of it…"
I do… but have no strength to respond with more than a grumble.
d "I just thought I should thank you."
d "For treating me like a normal person."
d "Even though I'm…"
d "Different."
d "I'll stop monologuing now."
d "We're close to my dorm."
His dorm?
The sun is already set.
Dallan walks up the stairs, leaning forward so I don't fall over.
I hear a door unlock, it opens and closes.
Then a second one.
My body is slowly pressed against another soft but cold surface.
A blanket covers me, and my shoes leave my feet, letting them finally breathe.
d "Sweet dreams."

--- CHOICES ---
→ No, don't go…
→ The footsteps stop at the end of the bed.
→ The footsteps reappear and the voice disappears.
→ *Grab his tail.*
→ My hand reaches out to the voice that threatens to leave.
→ And I manage to grab onto something.
→ My mind tells me if I let go right now, I will be alone.
→ And I don't want to be alone.
→ A hand unclenches mine.
→ Then a big body slides underneath the blanket in front of me.
→ Another instinct kicks in, and I bury my face in the heat.
→ With my hand over the warm pelt.
→ With a caressing, gentle hand between my ears.
→ Dreamland, I'm now ready to meet you.
→ Thanks, mom.
→ The footsteps stop at the end of the bed.
--- END CHOICES ---

Only after I hear the front door close, do I realize where I am and what's happening.
But it doesn't make me open my eyes.
Only smile.
...
I don't know how much time has passed.
All I know is that it's dark outside, as my left eye takes a peek.
All is peaceful.
My muscles are relaxed, and no ache can be felt anymore.
This is nice…
...
un ang"Oh no it is not."
un "WAKE THE FUCK UUUUUP!"
y scared3"AAAAHHH!"
My heart jumps as the loudest sounds crosses my mind, but my ears do not hear a thing.
y angry "Scribbles!"
y angry"What the ACTUAL fuck was that!?"
y hurt2"Ugh."
y "I never realized how annoying hearing a loud voice in your head can be."
un bored"It's a new trick I learned."
y sleepy"Why?"
un bored"So I can make you do stuff I want more effectively."
y "And what do you want this time?"
un squint"Have you already forgotten?"
y sleepy"I forgot to find a priest to exorcise you… that's for sure."
un "I said we wait for nightfall, and we go."
un "You agreed to this."
y "Plans changed, I'm tired."
un "Oh, ok, sure."
un "Leave this plan of literally making you a stronger hunter, giving you unlimited potential and taking you a step closer to completing our bargain for a couple of hours of sleep."
un "That's why I hate fucking mortals."
un bored"And I mean fucking as an adjective, not verb."
un "You're not that bad to fuck."
y asleep"*Snoooore*"
un ang"THAT'S IT!"
un "I'M BRINGING OUT PLAN B!"
un "Which is the same as plan A, but louder and longer!"
Un"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
y "Grrr..."
un "AAAAAAAAaaaAAAaaAAAAAAHHHHHHhhhhhhHHH!!!"
un "AAAhhHH-"
y angry"CUT IT OUT!"
un ang"NOT UNTIL YOU GET UP!"
y "Not happening."
un "LALALALALALALALALALALALALALA"
un "YOU LIKE SRITNEY BEARS BY ANY CHANCE?"
un "OH BABY BABY, HOW WAS I SUPPOSED-"
I cover my ears with the pillow.
But unfortunately that doesn't work when the sound is coming from inside your own head…
un "MY LONELINESS, IS KILLING MEEE-"
un "SOME RORTER POBINSON MAYBE?"
un "DON'T TRY TO MAKE YOURSELF REMEEEEEEMBER, DARLIN'!"
un "I CONSUMED ENOUGH MEDIA IN YOUR HEAD, SO I CAN JUST KEEP GOING WITH-"
y angry"OK FINE!"
y "JUST STOP SINGING!"
un tease "Oki."
un "Yey."
un bored"Let's get moving then."
I begrudgingly get out of bed.
I'm not as sleepy anymore.
But my energy levels are still down.
I can at least think clearer.
I walk out of the dorm… no, the apartment more like.
This place is huge, at least for a dorm.
It takes a while to find the exit from the building as well, but I manage.
y bored"So where are we going?"
un squint"The real question.. is HOW we get there…"
un "Unnoticed."
un bored"I'd prefer not to get questioned by anyone on the way."
y s"Maybe we don't have to."
y "What if we get an alibi?"
y "Perhaps Chelsie?"
un "Yeah, that could work!"
un suspicious"Heeey…"
un "You're not saying that because you want to see her, do you?"
y simple"Uhm."
y "No."
un tease"Ok, good."
y "Do you happen to know where her dorm is?"
un bored"No need, that workaholic must be in her workshop just like the wolf in his office."
y bored"You might be right."
On our way my nerves keep rising.
I still have no idea what Scribbles' plan even is.
And what if Chelsie is not there?
un "Would you stop being so pessimistic?"
un squint"And can you walk normally?"
un "You look like you have a horse cock up your ass."
y worried"I can't help it!"
y "I'm concentrating on walking casually but my legs do the opposite…"
un suspicious"Then don't think about it, just walk!"
y "If I try not to think about it I'll just end up thinking about it more."
un bored"Incredible."
Rounding up the corner I get a surprising encounter.
Therium sits squatting down, playing with what appears to be a Nightfallen puppy.
It has three eyes in front and one in the back, with long antennae sprouting from the back.
Happily enjoying some pets with its tongue out.
After today's encounter, I can't help but jump back a little when I see it.
Therium notices my reaction and makes it disappear in a cloud of smoke.
y awkward"Phew."
y "It was a summon."
th "Obviously, real Nightfallen can't get inside the barrier, can they?"
y pf"Ummm, no."
y "No they can't."
y s"Hi by the way."
th "Nice to see you too."
th "Taking a midnight stroll?"
th "Mind some company?"
y smileworry"Actually, I'm on my way to Chelsie's works-"
y awkward"I mean office."
th "I see."
th "I hope she doesn't hurt you like her previous assistants."
y smug"Her ways became more gentle after switching through so many people."
th "I sure hope so."
th "It would be a shame if this fur got burned."
th "Or dirtied in any way."
I didn't even realize he's been taking small steps in my direction while we spoke.
Now being in arms reach, caressing my cheek with the back of his hand.
ahfgshfaijh
I think I'm dizzy.
y blush"I-I'm not sure what to say."
th "You don't have to say anything."
th "As long as you tell me this one simple thing."
He's now close to my ear.
A blue rose appears in his hand.
th "Would you like to come by my dorm tonight instead?"
th "I promise to be gentle."
My pelt's temperature keeps rising.

--- CHOICES ---
→ How the hell do I respond to that?
→ Yes
→ He places the rose between his teeth and leans in.
→ He holds my head and plants a kiss on my maw.
→ Along with the rose's stem, which I can feel being pushed with his tongue.
→ It was a sloppier kiss than I anticipated, probably because of the rose's unnatural intrusion.
→ He pulls away a bit later, leaving me with a stunned expression.
→ I blink rapidly, trying to regain my senses.
→ With the final blink… he's gone.
→ Just like that, disappeared into the night.
→ I look to the side, seeing the end of his tail rush behind some bushes.
→ No
→ He winks.
→ I feel like I'm in a trance.
→ I blink rapidly to regain my senses and…
→ He's gone.
→ Just like that, disappeared into the night.
→ I look to the side, seeing the end of his tail rush behind some bushes.
--- END CHOICES ---

un "Whatever."
un "Now that the weirdo is gone."
un "We're close by."
un "Remember the plan."
un "Just go ask if she needs any help, and the alibi is done."
un "But don't stay with her!"
y "Roger."
I get there.
un bored"Remember, we're only here briefly."
un "So if anyone asks why we were out, we visited her and that's it."
Y bored"You're starting to repeat yourself."
un "I'm just making sure."
I arrive in front of her door and knock.
She opens the door, excited.
y s"Hey Chelsie, sorry to bother you so late."
ch "It's not a big deal, I was just working on some stuff."
ch "No sleep for the wicked, haha!"
ch "So, what did you want?"
y s"I just wanted to see how you're doing."
ch "Aww, that's cute, but remember what I said yesterday?"
ch "There won't be a second chance."
ch "Sorry sweety."
y simple"Oh, that's fine, uhmm..."
y "I suppose I'll go now?"
We hear a loud crash coming from inside.
ch "Damn it."
ch "Yeah, that would be a good idea, excuse me, I have to take care of this."
y "Of course."
y "But what was that?"
ch "Byeee."
un tease"This is perfect, now we don't have to waste time as with her, but got the allibi."
ch "Bother?"
Ch "NO WAY!"
ch "You're just in time."
ch "I really need your opinion on something."
She drags me in.
un squint"I knew you'd disregard my warnings…"
un "Fucking idiot."
y s"What is it?"
ch "Can you look at this Nightfallen with the invention you tested before?"
She hands me the goggles.
y simple"Sure, what for?"
ch "Do you see anything weird with it?"
I look at the little Nightfallen.
This time, besides the energy aura it had before, it also has a faint red aura like the one on me.
ch "As you have a similar aura, do you happen to have any theories about this?"
Obviously, I know SOMETHING about that.
But I can't tell her…
Scribbles, do you have any ideas?
What does it mean?
Is the Nightfallen possessed like me?
un bored"No.."
un "I think it just means it reached its maximum amount of lust."
un "It means it's overflowing with energy."
un suspicious"At least that's what its dormant trance tells me."
un "I've never seen such technology."
un "This raccoon woman is impressive."
y simple"I think it means its lust levels are maxed out."
y "You can kill it and get the maximum amount of energy from its shard."
ch "Really?!"
ch "Wow."
ch "Does that mean you're also super horny all the time?"
y pf "…"
y "no."
ch "I totally believe you."
ch "This is still awesome."
ch "My invention is awesome."
y simple"It is…"
y "But, Chelsie?"
y "How…"
y "Uhmm"
y "How did its lust level get so high?"
ch "What?"
y "How… did it get filled up?"
Chelsie whistles, takes a wrench and starts to lightly hit a nearby invention.
Come on, I'm not the biggest inventor but I know that's not what a wrench is for...
y angry"Chelsie!"
y "Did you use it on yourself?"
ch "No, God no!"
ch "I just… let some people pay me to do stuff with a Nightfallen."
y pf"And what does 'stuff' include?"
ch "sex?"
y simple"Unbelievable."
y "How many times?"
ch "Not many, like… tw-"
y confused"two?"
ch "Twe-"
y "Twelve?!"
ch "Twenty-"
y surprised"TWENTY?!"
ch "Six."
ch "Twenty six."
y bored"…"
ch "Don't judge me!"
ch "I need the money!"
ch "Plus, I made sure it's safe AND everyone was blindfolded the whole time."
ch "Ha ha, see, it's ok this way, right?"
ch "..."
ch "You really think it's that bad?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ She's asking me if it's bad to let people sleep with a Nightfallen for money?
→ Yes! You big pervert!
→ I'm pretty okay with it.
→ That sounds really hot actually.
→ I take a closer look at the creature.
→ I touch one of the tentacles.
→ The Nightfallen shivers from pleasure.
→ She looks at the little creature.
→ Maybe she's onto something then.
→ Especially after meeting Unknown...
→ Walk out disgusted.
→ I decide to walk out right there and then, without a word.
→ I don't care about her excuses.
→ It's not worth hanging around that freak.
→ Some might say it's not my place to judge.
→ After all, isn't the point to have sex with a Nightfallen to gather more energy?
→ Well yes.
→ IN BATTLE.
→ And you're not supposed to someone to do it.
→ Especially not a sketchy workshop.
→ I don't bother looking back at her.
→ There is a wolf much more deserving of my eyes.
→ Boo hoo…
→ I'm allowed to have my own principles.
--- END CHOICES ---

ch "I was just, you know, lonely and bored…"
ch "Dallan's been hanging out with you and the other guys a lot these past two days."
ch "And even before he was too busy to hang out with me much."
y simple"Are you and Dallan… uhm, doing this kind of stuff too?"
ch "Oh!"
ch "Oh no no no."
ch "Noooo no no, never ever."
ch "Dallan is my best friend."
ch "I don't think of him that way at all."
ch "He's definitely attractive, but not to me."
ch "At least not like that."
Ch "It would be weird."
I let out a sigh.
y smileworry"That's a relief."
ch "Why?"
ch "Are you interested in him yourself?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Kind of...
→ That's intriguing.
→ Someone else caught my eye, *wink*
→ She sits down with her chin resting on her intertwined hands, with a sudden sly expression on her face.
→ And who might this lucky person be?
→ I lean on the table with both arms.
→ …
→ …
→ *sniff sniff* *sob*
→ Huh, is someone crying?
→ W-what did I miss...?
--- END CHOICES ---

She stops and ponders for a second.
ch "Although, can you come by my workshop tomorrow?"
ch "Before the team battles maybe?"
ch "I want to 'thank' you for helping me."
ch "And  Shroud would like to show his appreciation too."
Y confused"You named him already?"
ch "But of course."
Shroud sends a flying kiss with his tentacle across the room.
I think I'm into it.
I wonder what she has in mind…
I walk away and we continue on further.
un simple"We're pretty close."
We walk between some more buildings, and even through some bushes.
Because walking around them 'wOuLd jUsT wAsTe MoRe tImE'
Finally, we get to a staircase, it is behind the main building.
And truly, without the demon's shortcuts, I don't think anyone would ever get here without specifically looking for this place.
y simple"So, what is this place?"
un bored"Nothing yet, you have to say these words in front of the stairs."
un"'Aperi, deus tuus senex hic est'"
un"But first, I'll make a dampening bubble around here."
He does just that and I feel a lot of energy leave my body, but the next second, absolutely no sound can hit my ears anymore.
Even the crickets stopped, and the wind and the rustling of tree branches.
It was an eerie experience.
un"Now repeat those words."
I pride myself in a pretty good memory, so I repeat the words perfectly.
As soon as I'm done...
The stairs start rotating upside down.
The steps that went upwards until now are now making a path into a dark pit.
Pitch black
un"You could work on your pronunciation more."
y"Really?"
y"I thought I did good."
un"Decent."
y simple"Soooo."
y"Am I going to hell?"
un"Obviously, everyone is, heaven is just a story to make you mortals feel-"
un simple"Oh wait, you meant right now?"
un"No no, just a cave with ancient trinkets and artifacts."
y bored"Gee thanks for spoiling the end of the season, now I know what happens after death."
I take some careful steps down
For once, my weak powers come in handy.
I create a little energy ball that shines brightly and start my descent.
The pit is not as deep as I thought, the darkness is just thicker than usual, like dark mist.
We get to a long corridor.
the walls are similar to the ones in the academy itself.
On both sides of the corridor there are pedestals filled with items.
y simple"So, what are we looking for?"
y"And what are all these?"
un tease"Ah."
un"My old toys, I'm glad to see they're still kept well, although it looks like some are missing."
y"So you were rich?"
un simple"Sure, let's say that."
Indeed some of the pedestals were empty.
un"We are looking for a medallion."
un"In the shape of a diamond."
un"This school's emblem in fact."
I look around, the nearest object to me is a crystal ball the size of a beachball.
un simple"That's my All Seeing Orb."
y simple"How does it work?"
un"You just have to say 'Reveal to me' and the name of the person or object you want to see."
y shoked"Can I try?"
un"Don't see why not, if we were to be caught, it wouldn't be because of this."
y simple"Will it work if I don't know their last names?"
un"As long as there is no other person with the same name, and you specify where they are."
y "Alright, that works."
menu sea:
Reveal to me-
The image of the dark furred cat appears inside the crystal ball.
He's brushing his teeth in a nice bathroom, he's wearing an oversized t-shirt that says 'Virginity Rocks'.
He's standing on his tiptoes, leaning on the bathroom sink.
He's very cute, bent over like that...
Could I get the camera just a little lower, perhaps?
Un "Stop being a pervert."
un "You can't do that with the ball."
Damn it...
It seems like that is someone else's shirt, so someone either scored a date, or just likes baggy clothes.
But why is he brushing his teeth so late at night?
un "Getting ready for bed?"
I don't know what the exact hour is, but it must be past 1AM.
Oh well, it's not my business.
un tease"Wanna spy some more?"
y simple"Dallan, Academy of Lakonia."
Dallan appears as an image inside the ball.
y simple"It's late, but he's not sleeping."
y"In fact"
y"I believe he's still inside the building, not even in his dorm room."
Dallan looks tired.
The only light shining in the moonlight, not even a candle or a lamp
y"He's just bent over some papers, why didn't he do that in the daytime?"
un"Because apparently, he would rather spend the days with you and nights working."
y "Well that is unacceptable."
y "I didn't want him to get a free day off just so he can ruin his sleep with work."
un"Are you gonna keep him company at night too?"
un "Is that what you're saying?"
y blush"Maybe"
un "Heh, nice."
un"Ok, who's next on the list for the ball?"
y simple"Therium, Academy of Lakonia."
The orb starts glowing.
It shows Therium's face from up close, he's smiling with his eyes closed and hands over his head.
The orb slowly zooms out.
It appears he's on a bed, no longer outside, ready to go to sleep.
As the image gets further, I realize he's not wearing any clothes, maybe just underwear?
y simple"..."
y blush"Nope, not even underwear."
Not only is he naked, but his member is out, semi erect, resting on his stomach.
If I were to estimate, I'd say it's about ten inches long at the moment, and probably bigger when it's hard.
The smile must be of satisfaction, it seems like he just finished his, uhm...
business...
Looking closer, I notice the white liquid against his white chest and belly fur.
Completely covering him.
un simple"Damn, would you look at that."
un tease"Just imagine, all that could've been inside you right now, if only you insisted on going with him."
un"Man, I actually wish to see that."
un simple"Anyway, continue?"
Aiden is wearing only underwear and browsing his phone in bed.
The lights are on inside a nearby room, besides his phone, that is the only light source.
I begin blushing, his body is nice, a good amount of muscle, but not as much as Dallan, for sure.
I'm seeing too much.
I should go.
y simple"I think we should get going."
y"That medallion won't find itself."
un"Smartest thing you've said in a while."
After the crystal ball, I see five rings, arranged in a semi-circle on a pedestals
un"Those give you elemental powers"
un"But it's better to not touch them."
y worried"Aww, but I want more powers."
un"And how do you explain developing a bunch of elemental affinities overnight?"
y bored"Fair."
The next pedestal had a big cylinder object on it, around four feet long and one wide.
y simple"It has a lid, what is it?"
y"Can I open it?"
un simple"Oh yeah, you'll like this one actually."
un"It's a special kind of incense."
y shoked "Will this make me stronger?"
I get the lid off, and I can already tell it is a smell based item, based on, well- the smell.
un"A decent amount."
un"Go on, bury your face in there."
y smug"Don't mind if I do."
un"Oh, trust me, I don't mind."
I close my eyes and inhale deeply, the walls of the cylinder are cushioned so my muzzle can fit all the way and feel comfortable.
un"Go on, take a deeeep breath."
The inside smells somewhat musty, it has a weird aroma, intoxicating even.
Hmmm, acidic...?
Cushioned - walls.
Soft, cylinder, hole.
'Toys'
I get the thing off my face quickly and slam it into the ground.
y angry"You fucking dick!"
un tease"HAHAHHAHAHA ahha."
un"I can not believe you did it."
y"Was that what I think it was."
un"My old fleshlight?"
un"Yep."
un"You should feel honored, it was the best in my collection."
un"Besides, I can feel your erection, remember?"
un"I know you liked it."
y blush2"It does not mean I liked it."
un"Heh, sure"
y bored"If you feel everything I experience, doesn't that mean you also smelled your own used fleshlight?"
un bored"..."
y smug"Well?"
un ang"Fuck off"
y"Oh wow, so used to the smell of your own cum you don't even realize you're smelling it, huh?"
y laugh"Why do you have that anyway?"
y"Have problems getting bitches?"
un ang"WHAT?"
un"Of course not."
un"I had all the bitches back in the day."
y"Of course grandpa."
y"That fleshlight stank of virgin."
un sad"Find the damn medallion already."
The demon keeps silent, but I can feel his angry mumbles.
I walk further in, ignoring most other items.
Don't want to be tricked into using some more of his old toys...
I finally see the medallion, hanged in a corner.
A diamond shaped, golden crest.
It had a chain before as far as I can see.
But it looks broken now.
y simple"Hey, is this it?"
un simple"Yes!"
un"Get it and let's go."
It breaks my heart to leave all of these OP items, but I really don't want to get in trouble.
For owning ancient, forbidden relics.
As soon as we get out, the path we came through starts closing.
At least we won't have to worry about that now.
y simple"What do I do now?"
un bored"Go to sleep?"
un "I thought you were dying of tiredness."
y worried"I am!"
y "That's the problem…"
y "I need to get to Dallan."
y "That big muscled dummy is most likely still in his office."
y "Working."
y "I need to stop that."
un squint"Let the dude do what he wants, for crying out loud."
y angry"I KNOW BETTER WHAT HE WANTS!"
un simple"…"
un bored"Wow."
y simple"Yeah, I just heard myself."
y "But I still think he needs to take a break."
un "You don't even know how important his work could be."
y bored"It might be completely unimportant…"
y "I'm willing to take the risk."
y sleepy"But I also feel like I'm going to collapse at any moment."
y "This grass is looking…"
y "Very soft."
un eyeroll"Ok, fine."
un "I'll help you out."
un "Find a street lamp for me."
y "What for?"
un "Just do it."
I get close to the nearest source of light I found.
un bored"Now touch it."
un "And imagine you're sucking the living hell out of it."
un suspicious"But not like a dick."
un "I know you're familiar with that one."
un bored"Just, take the energy in through your palms."
This feels so stupid.
The steel post is cold beneath my touch.
Sparkles appear around my fingers and a second later, a rush of energy ejaculated into me.
un suspicious"Why…"
un squint"Would you use that word?"
It feels slightly like being electrocuted.
But without the heat.
un bored"One."
un "Two."
un "Three."
un "You should be ready."
The light bulb above flickers shutting down, and I'm left in darkness.
un "So?"
un "How do you feel?"
y surprised"I…"
y pf"I feel…"
y laugh"AMAZING."
y "Holy shit,"
y laugh"It's like I've already slept for twelve hours."
un "It's not as it seems."
un "Look at it as a very powerful energy drink."
un "It will soon wear off if you don't continue to take in energy."
y s"Still, this solves my current problem."
y "Now I can go meet Dallan."
y "Although."
y "I think I'll make a small stop by his room first."
Coming back.
I only now realize how little decorations he has.
His house plants are almost dying.
His one bonsai is somehow still clinging to life.
I decide to water them real quick.
un bored"He doesn't spend much time here."
un "He's always in his office, so why would he need decorations?"
I take a thermos out of my backpack and make hot chocolate.
I look in his pantry and see sugar and some mini marshmallows.
He's almost out of sugar.
Considering his sweet tooth, I add more sugar and milk to the mix than usual.
I also take two, thicker blankets out of his bedroom closet.
un squint"You're snooping around way more than even I feel comfortable with."
y ec"It's all in the name of love!"
Hopefully he won't mind me going through his room.
I mean, he put me to sleep here, so it should be fine.
I arrive in front of his door.
His dorm is very close to the academy, unlike mine.
The defender's Shard room is empty of course, but my goal is Dallan's office.
This time I don't bother knocking outside, I'm officially a member now.
The door is opened with a delay.
d "Hey [name], what a surprise."
d "Weren't you super tired?"
y simple"I'm no longer tired, but you sure are."
d "I left you at my place, because it was closer, but I had to come do some work."
d "Chelsie had some invention stuff to deal with, so I was left with a ton of work to do by myself."
d "And yes, I know what you'll say."
d "And I don't want to hear it."
d "You can't stop me from doing my duty."
y "I won't."
d "You won't?"
d "Then."
d "Why are you here?"
y ec"I thought we'd do a little Deja Vu."
y "I came by yesterday, so I'll keep you company tonight as well."
y "Hot coco?"
y "It's extra sweet, the way you like it."
d "Oh."
d "Well, in that case, I'm welcoming you with open arms."
d "We've known each other for two days and you already know my taste palate."
d "You're a great guy!"
d "Please, do come in."
We sit by the window, with big mugs of coco in hand, and a thermos for refills.
y "It's very chilly tonight."
Dallan, seems to have no problem with the cold, unlike me.
Ironic, as I am literally called a SNOW leopard.
But he is clearly tired, and the warm drink didn't help.
Good.
I never planned to 'keep him company'
I want him to go to sleep.
d "Here."
d "I don't need it as much."
He gives his blanket to me.
y ec"Thanks."
d "You know…"
d "I was very scared today…"
y simple"Why?"
y "Because of Unknown?"
y surprised"But you are so cool!"
y "I don't believe you'd ever be afraid."
d "I was worried for YOU!"
y simple"..."
d "Sorry…"
d "I apologize, I don't mean to call you weak or anything…"
d "But the thought that something can happen to you."
d "Sends shivers through my fur."
Indeed, he is now shaking.
His back is at the opposite wall of the windowsill and his gaze somewhere in the distant campus.
If I gave him one of the blankets, I would be the one being cold.
So there is only one answer.
I scooch nearer on my knees.
I open my arms, holding the blankets' ends in each hand.
d "What are you-"
And embrace Dallan by leaning on his chest.
y ec"It's ok."
y "I'm not as fragile as you think."
y "And I'll prove it to you, tomorrow, at the pair battles."
He is stunned by my action.
And who can blame him?
I'm surprised I had the guts to do it as well.
d "It's not that I don't believe you."
d "But you can't help but worry for the people you care about."
y simple"Why did you choose to stay around me after saving me from the scamming Tate?"
Y "And why would you continue to do so?"
d "That is…"
d "A good question."
d "What I'll say for sure is that I don't regret it."
d "But for why…"
d "It might be because you reminded me so much of me when I first got here."
d "Confused, easy to take advantage of."
y bored"Ouch."
d "Heh, sorry."
d "I continued to be your tour guide because I wanted to get away from anyone that tries to kiss my ass."
d "And what better fit than a first year who doesn't even know who I am?"
d "Besides, everyone needs a friend."
d "Or more."
d "So I thought you wouldn't turn me away."
d "But then I stayed…"
d "Because you're fun to be around."
d "And I…"
d "Like you."
And I LOVE you.
How I wish to say those words.
But it's a little early…
I don't want to spook him with my desperation.
He's finally opening up to me more.
y simple"Why did you decide to be a leader?"
y "Isn't it stressful?"
d "I come from a family of overachievers."
d "I was kind of the runt of the litter for obvious reasons."
y "Then I must be blind because I don't see that 'obvious' reason anywhere."
He blushes.
d "Thanks."
d "Long story short, getting into the academy was already a feat my family thought impossible for me."
d "But to be the leader of a shard?"
d "Never."
d "That's something my older brother's accomplished, not little Dallan."
d "Family issues are one of the things I have in common with Chelsie."
d "Thus why we became such good friends."
d "I don't even want to be leader if I'm being honest."
y sad"Today I tried to save you from this tedious job."
y "But I guess I failed…"
d "Failed?!"
d "No way!"
d "I had so much fun with you today!"
y "Really?"
d "I got to relax in the park and find the best icecream ever!"
d "I didn't even know they were selling that there!"
d "Now it will be a daily trip!"
y smileworry"It was pretty good."
pass
d "I haven't had the chance to go to an actual gym in so long."
d "And… to be honest, I kind of enjoyed scaring the crap out of that Nightfallen."
y smileworry"Even if he turned out to not be so bad