."
y "Today it's your free day!"
y "Everyone expects you to be stuck in detention right now, so they won't bother you."
d "That is true."
y "What does your work even consist of?"
d "Well, until Friday I have to sign in the new Shard members."
y simple"Can't Chelsie do that?"
d "She could."
d "But who will do the financial reports?"
y "Any members that are good at math?"
d "A couple, but why would they help me?"
y "Oh come on, everyone is all over you, they love you."
d "Y-you think so?"
He's blushing and tries not to wag his tail.
But fails miserably.
d "I always thought they're just…"
d "Being a little too motherly?"
d "If that makes sense."
y smileworry"They just care a lot."
In truth I do believe they are cartoonishly suffocating.
But I'm not telling him that.
d "Alright, you convinced me."
d "Those are the most tedious things I had to do, but I guess asking for some help won't hurt."
y ec"Besides, I can help too."
d "You?"
d "W-why would you want to waste your time in a boring old office?"
y "You make it worth the while."
y "Let's go now."
d "But where should we go?"
I hear a belly rumbling.
d "Sorry, no breakfast this morning."
d "I mean, you know that."
d "We've been together the whole time since yesterday."
Y "So let's go grab a bite."
d "Agreed, but we better not forget about today's practice."
d "First years like you will participate."
d "And show off their powers."
y awkward"Great…"
y "Can't wait."
y "Myyy 'awesome' powers."
I look at the time.
y s"We have about two hours left to eat, should be enough."
d "Did you have the chance to explore the park yet?"
y "Don't think so, haven't had the time."
d "Then let's go!"
y simple"But aren't you hungry?"
d "Oh, you underestimate how much the food business is worth around here."
On our walk there I finally get a taste of what the city campus is like.
When I arrived it was a ghost town.
Now, there are kids playing on the sidewalks, people going for a morning jog or commuting to work on bicycles.
The lack of cars gives the scene a sort of ethereal atmosphere.
Trees and flowers and vine covered walls being the main attraction of every alley.
As well as the occasional mom-and-pop shops that stand out in between the small buildings.
We walk on a stone path through the greenery, it has tons of booths that serve different kinds of food.
y surprised"You weren't kidding."
y "The usual park would only have a cotton candy vendor and some coffee booths."
d "Sometimes, you can just close your eyes and let your nose guide you on the road to the next destination."
d "Most of them open up around noon, but there are still breakfast items we can browse."
d "Oooh, let's stop for some Melikanian style sweet and savory pancakes."
y smug"No idea what those are but pancakes are always welcomed."
We both drench them in syrup, leaving the man selling them concerned for our sugar levels.
d "We have a sweet tooth in common."
y "But not the appetite."
d "Hey!"
d "I'm…"
d "Still growing?"
y "Growing in what?"
y "Muscle mass?"
d "Exactly."
y simple"…"
y smug"Let me get you a refill on those pancakes in that case."
d "I will never say no to such an offer."
We continue walking through the park, and just like Dallan said, we let our nose guide us to the next destination.
Which this time is a small corner shop selling curry bowls with rice and pickled sides.
y "The best meal I've had in… two days."
y "Maybe more."
d "The magic of local businesses."
d "You can even get a job as a hunter, to protect the nearby farms from Nightfallen."
y "Really?"
y "Might want to look into that as a summer job."
After our curry we couldn't skip on the ice cream, of course.
y simple"Hey, is that a car?"
y "I thought you weren't allowed to drive those in here."
d "It's only for décor, it's not real."
d "Kids see them in cartoons so the owner decided to turn an old van into an ice cream shop."
y s"Smart."
y "It certainly wakes childhood memories in me."
d "Let's go then!"
It has an extensive menu, but two specialities of the day catch my eye.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Order 2 separate ice cream cones, with frozen fruit bits inside.
→ We could've gotten a large ice cream to share, that would've been romantic and cute.
→ But…
→ Dallan's favorite flavor is mint.
→ So I'd rather stick with anything else.
→ This time it was cookie dough, and combined with the fruit bits, there's nothing better.
→ Order the ultra large group style sundae! Which we're going to have to share.
→ I'm not going to skip the opportunity to be cute or romantic with this guy I totally don't want to sleep with, haha stopsuggestingthat.
→ I should play it smooth.
→ oh my.
→ Dallan hands his credit card and I only now realized that he's been paying for our food this whole time.
→ I feel like an asshole, but I'll make it up to him.
→ We get our big waffle bowl filled to the brim with ice cream, syrups and fruit bits.
→ Two big plastic spoons impaled at the top.
→ Honestly, not only was it romantic as I predicted, but for the price, it was totally worth it.
→ Our spoons touched a couple of times and I couldn't be happier.
→ Anyway.
--- END CHOICES ---

After our dessert adventure, I am officially full.
But obviously Dallan eats way more, being so much bigger.
So we stopped for hotdogs, and he didn't complain when he had to eat mine as well.
He started to offer me food just so I can decline and he can eat double portions.
At least he's a gentleman.
This experience made me realize I want to learn how to cook and make him food forever.
I don't mind giving up on my dream of becoming a hunter if it means I'll wake up everyday next to him.
un "You can't 'give up' we have an agreement."
Riiiight, that thing.
un squint"Do I have to pull out the demon pact on ya?"
Nooo thank you.
I don't want my lifespan cut in half.
un "That's what I thought, so don't you dare cross me even with theoretical dreams."
Fine, I won't imagine a better life with my one true love.
Everything great has its end, and my food adventure, or date, as I like to call it, even if it wasn't specifically called so by either party.
Has come to an end.
y "Dallan, I think we should get going."
y "Twenty minutes until the 'practice' starts."
d "Already?"
d "Awww."
d "I was having so much fun with you."
y "Me too."
y "Wanna get some snacks and shakes on the way there?"
d "You know me so well."
Watching people fight in the arena does seem more entertaining than a movie.
Some snacks to munch on would be a good idea.
We arrive at the arena fifteen minutes early.
Huh?
Snacks?
What snacks?
Do you mean the mountain of candy and popcorn Dallan and I ate on our way to the arena?
Yeah, it's gone.
d "I'll go sign some papers, then I'll try to talk Merina into taking over the practice announcements."
d "So we can spend more time together."
d "I'll have to make her feel bad for me somehow."
d "Maybe make her feel like she's the one who wants to do it."
d "I'm not good at gaslighting."
d "And don't feel good doing it."
d "But It's for a good cause."
y "That 'cause' being me?"
d "As I said, good."
d "The best."
I can no longer blame my red face on allergies.
Seconds after Dallan goes away, I realize how lonely and awkward I really am without the trio around me.
Thankfully, Chelsie comes to the rescue!
With a friend?
Two friends!
ch "Hey there newwwwbie~"
ch "Whatcha doin' here alone?"
ch "Where is Dallan?"
ch "Aren't you two supposed to be getting a room by now?"
y s"Hi Chelsie!"
y simple"I'm not sure I get what you mean by ro-"
y "Oh."
y awkward"Ha ha, I get it."
ch "I meant fucking like animals somewhere private."
y blush"Yeah… I got that and-"
ch "Going absolutely ham on each other's mouths, and whatever else guys like to-."
y blushmad"I SAID!"
y "I get it, and no, we're not… doing that."
y simple"He's signing some papers or something."
y "You can find him with Merina."
ch "Thanks for the info!"
ch "Before I forget, here's the key to your dorm and lunch card."
y s"Ah, thank you."
y s"Aaand, who are your friends?"
ch "Hmm, what friends?"
ch"..."
ch "Oh, them!"
r "Really, Chelsie?"
r "We came along specifically to be introduced by you."
r "You said you knew him well."
ch "Can't expect me to remember every little detail of my life."
ch "Anyway, you might remember these two from the opening ceremony."
y ec"Yes, I think I might."
ch "…"
y s"…"
ch "…"
y simple"…"
ch "So?"
y "Soooo…"
ch "What are their names, you said you remember."
y "I don't-"
co "It's ok, Chelsie, we'll take it from here."
This girl is seriously stressing me out when I'm already so socially awkward…
ch "Alright, if you insist, I'll go see what Dallan's up to and let the three of you go at it."
ch "He he."
ch "But like, not in a sexy way."
ch "Like, don't fuck is what I mean."
y bored"We get it Chelsie."
ch "It would be pretty inappropriate to have a threesome here, or God forbid an org-"
r "Girl, get out of here already."
ch "I'm just messing with ya'll, heh, as my mom always said."
ch "'Mess with the rich kids and steal their shoes', haha."
ch "ha…"
ch "She's a bad person."
ch "Anyway, cya."
r "Hi again, sorry about her."
y ec"Oh don't worry, this is only my second day here but I'm already used to her energy."
r "Good to hear, it seems she didn't lie about knowing you at least."
r "So, as she was about to say, probably."
r "We are two of the recommended students, so to speak."
co "Even if that term is a little awkward to use."
co "Embarrassing even."
r "Yeah, not to act like we're better than anyone else."
y "It appears that being recommended does put a target on our backs."
r "Exactly!"
co "Agreed."
r "My name is Rose, by the way."
co "And I'm Coal."
y ec"Nice to meet you, I'm-"
r "[name]"
co "Yes, we've heard of you."
co "Or at least remembered you."
r "I had to run around looking for the Defender's leader, Dallan."
r "And your name kept popping up when I asked where he was."
y awkward"Oh, I'm sorry for stealing him away."
r "Nah, don't even worry about it."
r "If you feel bad about it we could hang out sometime, maybe after the mysterious test."
y s"Sounds good."
y "Does that mean you are going to join the Defender's Shard?"
r "A-ha."
r "That's the main reason I wanted to meet you as soon as possible."
r "As recommended students, we might want to stick together."
r "At least until the dust settles."
r "Other people tend to look at us like we're some kind of deities."
They don't look at ME that way…
un "That's because you stand out as much as a daisy in a garden of roses."
un "A very pathetic daisy."
un "Colorless and surrounded by thorns."
r "Which means that having two in the same Shard attracts some attention."
co "Thankfully I'm balancing the scale at least a little bit."
co "I joined the Sorcery Shard."
y worried"Oh no, you didn't get scammed, did you?"
co "What?"
co "No no, it was actually a little difficult to enter, as I don't actually have any magic of my own."
y "You passed the audition without magic?"
r "See?"
r "Told ya."
r "Attracts attention."
co "If life taught me anything, it's that friends with common goals and backgrounds are hard to come by sometimes."
Scribbles, real quick, what do you think of these two?
un bored"They seem normal, what else you want me to say?"
Do they have any kind of ill intent?
Or dangerous powers?
un suspicious"Hmm, the bunny woman looks like she could smash your head between her thighs."
Helpful…
un "And the guy seems to radiate some kind of aura from his hips."
un "Although he says he has no magic."
un "It's probably something about the device he carries."
un bored"I'd say you're ok with befriending them."
r "We registered to be the first people in today's practice."
r "I guess it's the perfect day to see each other in action."
co "But if the rumors are true, we should all be quite powerful, heh?"
co "Can't wait to see everyone's awesome powers!"
r "Ah, apologies, my friends are waiting for me."
r "We all seem to have found our own friend groups already, but that doesn't mean we have to be strangers to one another."
co "Yeah!"
r "Give us a call whenever!"
y "Will do!"
We exchange phone numbers.
And wave each other goodbye, as I watch them disappear in the crowd
Soon, two familiar faces approach me.
y ec"Hey!"
y "How was the rest of detention?"
They meet eyes and look away.
t "It was fine."
t "I mean it sucked."
a "Don't ever leave me alone with this weirdo again."
t "I'm not too satisfied with you either."
a "You little-"
His words are cut short by Dallan's arrival back.
d "Merina agreed to take over!"
d "Ah, Aiden, Tate."
d "Detention over, I see."
a "Yeah."
a "Sooo, we're going to have to go back there after this, right?"
t "And tomorrow as well?"
d "Yes, that was the deal."
a "Cool."
a "I-I mean, fucking hell."
t "Hey, did you tell her to put me first?"
d "Unfortunately there were two people already signed first, but you'll be the third."
t "Meh, whatever, third is still good."
t "And you told her the name to call me by?"
d "Uhmm, yes?"
t "Amazing, you're the best!"
As we talk, more and more furs come into the arena, and soon, it fills up.
y simple"So, is this an official event or?"
d"No no, it's really just what the name says, practice, there is no reward or punishment."
a"Except that more than half the academy will watch what you can do."
d"No pressure."
y simple"That sounds like pressure."
t"So, when are we starting?"
d"As soon as Merina is ready."
t"In the meantime."
t "Come oooon, [name]!"
t"What can you do?"
d"I am quite curious too."
a "Same."
un bored"Aaand me as well."
un tease"I mean, I already know, that's why I chose you as my host, but I wanna know from the source."
I thought I was chosen out of convenience.
un"That too."
un"Guess we were both lucky to have found each other."
un"What a lovely romance story, don't you think?"
un ang"Now spill it."
y simple"Let's see."
y"I can boost my speed and strength as well as other people's."
t"Support abilities, pretty cool."
y"And I can control energy, in some extent."
All three look at me stunned.
Some furs around us heard me and turned to look.
un tease"Ohh yeeeh, that's my mortal"
un"You hear that?"
un ang"MY HOST IS SUPERIOR TO YOU ALL"
un tease"MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
d"That-"
d"Is very impressive, [name]"
d"It is rare-"
d"Actually, I never heard of someone who can do that"
d"At least not in my lifetime."
a "I did, but I never met one in person."
t"My God."
t"and I was stuck with lousy teleportation, flying, elemental magic and mind reading?"
un worried"oh oh."
t"So unfair."
y awkward"Uhm, mind reading?"
a"Don't listen to him, he's lying about the last two, but it's true he's good at teleporting and I suppose flying."
un"Phew, that got me good"
un"Hopefully there are no mortals here that wield mind reading."
un"It's not supposed to manifest in mortals, but who knows what changed while I was stuck in my prison."
y"You have a lot of talents Tate."
a"His ONLY talents."
t"Not true, I am very flexible as well."
He gives me a wink and Aiden groans.
t"As for flying I can only do it on a broom, but that's the only way I would fly even if I didn't have to, makes me feel like a witch."
t"I can make people float as well."
y happy1"Consider me impressed."
Tate looks proud of himself.
Merina starts the announcement, we listen to her explain the rules, the same ones as my friends did, but with more details.
m"STARTING OFF THE PRACTICE SESSION WILL BE OUR FIRST YEAR, FROM THE DEFENDER'S SHARDS, ROSE!"
We watch the big rabbit woman step in, facing her dummy.
The thing is at least ten feet tall and overall the most terrifying thing I've seen, when I think about having to fight it.
She takes out an axe and charges at it.
Within seconds the dummy is chopped to pieces.
It didn't even have time to use any weapons against her.
The second one was Coal, and just like Rose, he obliderated the dummy.
Altough he used magic?
Or a laser cannon, shot from the device he has on his hip.
That melted the snake completely.
The crowd was cheering for both of them the whole twenty seconds it took for both of them to finish, and my friends over here as well.
m"NEXT OFF, A FAMILIAR FACE AROUND HERE, FROM THE SORCERER'S SHARD, TATE!"
t"Damn it Dallan, that's not the name!"
t"No matter!"
t"I am so ready!"
y ec"Good luck!"
Tate jumps into the pit, everyone quiets down, as the dummy that was just carried in slowly rotates to face him.
The design looks like a snake, with most of its body wreathed around itself, which gave it a strong base, and plate armour all around for protection.
From its body, cannons, wooden blades and saws move.
Tate concentrates for a second and then.
The goofy cat becomes badass and conjures a huge lightning ball in his hand.
Or at least I think that's what it is.
Sparks flying everywhere, the blues and whites and purples dancing around him.
A magical circle around his hand, just breathtaking.
The dummy has its barrel fixated on him, and shoots out what looks like dodge ball, but at inhumane speeds.
At that moment, he fires the ball into the dummy, disintegrating the ball on its way.
His magic touches the dummy and...
It just disappears without a sound or trace.
No explosion, no fire or lightning or smoke, nothing.
That was a very quick fight.
Nobody really understands what happened to his opponent.
Or if they should cheer or not.
We have one more moment of silence.
All this time, Tate has his head glancing upwards, shielding his eyes from the sun.
People take notice and do the same one by one.
And there it is.
...
The dummy crashes in the middle of the arena, creating a dust cloud that envelopes the whole place.
The explosion loud enough to be confused with a small bomb.
We wait for the dust to settle, and see the mangled, non-functioning dummy in the sand.
before the people in their seats start cheering, and I was the loudest of them all.
Aiden was giving a slow clap as well.
m"WHAT AN INCREDIBLE FIRST IMPRESSION!"
m"A GREAT EXAMPLE OF OFFENSIVE SUPPORT MAGIC."
m"NOW LET'S SEE WHAT THE OTHER FIRST YEARS HAVE TO OFFER!"
t"So what did you think?"
y happy1"You were incredible!"
y"Can't believe you took it out in one hit!"
y smug"And what a hit it was."
y"I did not expect it to fall from the sky like that."
t"Heh, thanks."
t"I did say I will try to take people by surprise when we first met, didn't I?"
t"The element of surprise!"
t"But I bet you'll send it to the moon."
t"Ooo, or crush it so much you create a black hole."
y awkward"I- don't have that much control over my abilities yet."
d"Obviously, that kind of power takes time."
a"But still, try to not make too much of a mess there."
d"As long as you can abstain from completely melting the metal armour it should be fine."
Oh no, they're overestimating me.
I predict this will go horribly wrong.
Merina keeps calling first year names, none of them were as flashy as Tate, and some of them struggled quite a lot with the snake dummy.
Which gave me some confidence, but not a lot.
Finally, Merina calls my name.
I get some good lucks from the guys and jump down into the pit, just like Tate but less graciously.
My heart is racing, I have no idea if my plan will work or not.
The arena is once again getting quiet, but not for long.
I come face to face with a new dummy.
This one switches to the cannon as soon as it senses me.
I extend my arm.
Maybe I can do something similar to Tate?
Except without the teleportation part.
I focus all of my energy in my palm, facing the dummy.
A ball of wild energy, the size of a tennis ball forms.
y determined"Yes!"
y"First part done."
y"Now-"
I make sure it is aimed directly at the dummy, it would be a shame if I missed.
Then, I shoot my spell and hope for the best.
The snake shoots its dodgeball cannon as well.
Both balls go past each other, nearly touching.
Being this far away, I dodge it with ease.
So all I have to do now, is wait for the impact.
The energy ball starts to lose its momentum, slowly falling down.
Until it touches the ground and disappears, right in front of the dummy.
y pf"..."
crowd"..."
un"..."
un"....."
un ang"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!"
y cry2"I DON'T KNOW!"
un"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T KNOW? THAT WAS PATHETIC!"
y"STOP YELLING AND HELP ME, EVERYONE IS WATCHING!"
un bored"Ughhh."
un"Alright, but you have almost no more magical energy left, because of one stupid, weak spell."
y worried"So can you help me or not?"
un simple"Look, if you can get close to it, VERY close, almost touch it in fact, I can try something."
un"Just extend your arm against the dummy, and brace for impact, it will hurt."
y"Alright, anything works at this point."
I can NOT disappoint Dallan.
Or the others.
I still have a bit of magical energy left, so I use it to cast a speed boost on myself.
I start running towards the dummy at high speed and I can hear the crowd starting to buzz excited again.
The dummy takes out a second cannon and shoots them both at me.
Unfortunately, high speed does not come with high reflexes.
So I managed to dodge one of the balls.
but the other hits me right in the stomach.
The ball bounced away, but it hurts like hell, it takes a lot of will power to keep my lunch in.
un ang"Come ooon, you can do it."
I shake off the pain and run again, with more determination.
As I get close, the dummy switches from ranged to melee weapons.
Starting to spin and move from side to side.
I run a circle around it trying to find an opened window, aaand-
There!
I extend my arm almost touching it.
un simple"Good job, I'll take it from here."
Suddenly, a shockwave comes bursting through my arm and into the dummy, the force made its base raise from the ground but not enough to topple it over.
The metal armour it had shattered and the force made a dent in the wood, but I bet that isn't enough to confirm a kill.
So I raise my other hand.
y angry"AGAIN!"
un"If you say so."
The second shockwave finished the job beautifully, toppling it over making the dummy nonfunctional.
crowd"..."
My arms are numb and hurt a lot.
but at least they're not broken.
un bored"Can not believe you needed me to defeat a dummy."
y bored"In my defense, I never said I was powerful."
un"..."
I go back to Aiden, Tate and Dallan.
With the sounds of the crowd cheering, even if I didn't deserve it.
t"I can not believe you didn't even use your spells for this."
t"Well, except for that distraction ball."
a"Of course, why use such powerful spells on a simple dummy."
un tease"Ha, they really think you made that thing fall with raw strength."
un"Mortals, their stupidity knows no bounds."
y awkward"I appreciate the praise, but I really didn't-"
d"You did so good, [name]"
d"Your strength rivals mine, I'm pretty sure."
t "You didn't congratulate me that hard..."
d"Hmm?"
d"Oh, yeah, yeah you were pretty good too."
y sad"But I..."
d "Can't believe you didn't even use any energy powers to defeat it!"
y simple"If I can just-"
t "Why bother?"
y "Guys..."
a"You're right, that dummy was so easy it deserved a handicap."
y angry"EVERYONE LISTEN UP!"
y sad"I'm sorry, but the truth is, I really can't control my spells."
y"The little ball you saw, that's all I can do, unless luck is really on my side that day."
y"I know everyone expected me to be some kind of superhuman, because I was 'selected'"
y"Or whatever it's called."
y"But I'm really not."
y"It was not my intention to lead you on like this."
y"It didn't occur to me people would think so highly of me just because of that."
y"So I understand if you want to just walk away."
They keep quiet for a minute, looking at each other.
I was waiting for looks of disaproval, or laughter.
But those never came.
a"I think I'm talking for all of us when I say, we don't care how powerful you are."
a"We shouldn't have jumped to wrong conclusions without knowing you better."
d"Aiden is right, your powers have nothing to do with why we like you."
d"Besides, we can help you grow, this is an academy after all."
d"You're here to improve, not show off."
d"The main fact remains, you still did decent in practice today."
a"He's right, if that was your worst, then I'm scared to see you at your best."
t"I for one didn't even know the selected people were 'supposed' to be powerful."
t"I thought you all won a contest or something."
t"So let's go to lunch and celebrate our victories!"
y blush"I..."
y"I don't know what to say... just."
y"I'm glad you think that way."
y"Some lunch sounds good."
y simple"But Dallan, what about the practice?"
d"Don't worry about it."
d"I left Chelsie in charge of the rest of announcements, my vice, so I'm free as well."
We can all hear Chelsie's excited voice echoing.
ch"Let's give it up to our newest victi- I-I mean!"
ch"Our newest first year!"
ch"Will he survive the latest flamethrower addition to the dummy?"
ch"Find out after this short commercial!"
ch"*cough cough*"
ch"HEY KIDS!"
ch"DID YOU EVER GET INAPPROPRIATELY TOUCHED BY A NIGHTFALLEN?"
ch"OH BOY DO I HAVE JUST THE THING FOR YOU!"
ch"For only 93.99 you can-"
Her voice trails off as we get farther away towards the exit.
y simple"Huh, even without internet you can't escape ads."
d"Don't mind her, she promotes her inventions as much as she can."
d"You'll get used to it"
d"And will probably end up buying something at some point."
We walk out of the arena and into the streets.
T "I don't know about you guys, but I'm starving!"
T "Where do we go to eat?"
A "Aren't you forgetting something?"
t "Oooohh right, I have detention."
a "Sorry, we gotta go."
t "Damn that bet we made."
t "Isn't that right Aiden?"
a "Idiot…"
He holds him by the ear and drags him along.
Ows and ouches can be heard until they are completely out of sight.
y simple"Tate didn't seem that bothered by the detention."
d "More so than when I was watching him."
D "You don't think he just doesn't like me, do you?"
y determined"Hey hey, look at me."
y "Everybody likes you and they have no reason not to."
d "Ok?"
y "Now let's get you a snack."
y "Then we can do something else, that does not require work."
d "Gym."
y confused"Gym?"
d "Yes!"
d "Let's go to the gym!"
d "Oh, I haven't been there in weeks."
d "There was no time!"
d "I had to do my routine in my office."
y smug"Then good thing I'm not letting you work."
y "Let's go to lunch."
Dallan stands pacing in place, whining with his ears back.
y simple"Dallan?"
d "Actually, I think I would prefer to skip on the lunch."
y surprised"What?!"
y "You?"
y "Skip on food?"
d "I just reaaally want to see how the gym's holding up."
y smileworry"I'm sure it will still be there in half an hour."
d "You might be right…"
y "If you really want to, we can grab some food to go and eat on the way?"
d "Yes!"
d "Great idea!"
d "Lead the way."
y smug"I don't know where it is."
d "Oh, right, sorry."
d "I think it's this way, follow me."
un "He 'thinks'?"
Cut him some slack, he said he hasn't been there in weeks.
un "Not a reason to forget where your usual gym is in this small town."
un "I'm suspecting you'll get murdered in the forest or abandoned building."
I am willing to take that risk, if the alternative is spending some quality time with Dallan.
y simple"Today has been a walking day."
d "Isn't that good?"
d "We probably burned most of the calories from all that food."
y smug"He says, while munching on three paninis stacked on top of each other"
d "Ha."
d "That's what the gym will be for."
y "Is it far?"
d "It's on the other side of the town."
y "Oh no, will we even get there until evening?"
d "The town is not that big, we should be there in about twenty minutes by foot."
y simple"I'm not used to that."
y s"But being able to walk from one side of town to the other in less than an hour sounds lovely."
d "Yesterday we talked for a bit about my preferred routine."
d "You mentioned you go to the gym too."
d "Can I ask what your favorite type is?"
y smug"Big and dumb…"
d "Excuse me?"
y awkward"I-I said endurance and flexibility."
d "Ah, I remember you were quite fast at practice."
d "And flexible too?"
d "Noted."
d "We should go for a bike ride sometime."
y ec"We totally should!"
y "Tomorrow?"
d "But what about my work?"
d "I was thinking maybe after the test?"
y smug"I will literally not allow you to work anymore, until after the test."
y scary"And if anybody has a problem with that they can solve it with me personally."
d "Wow, scary."
d "Alright then, mister menacing aura."
d "I'll do whatever you suggest from now on."
un tease"Oooo, 'whatever' he says?"
Whatever~
un "I'm glad you're starting to think more like me."
un "It suits you."
We arrive shortly at the gym.
y s"It really was a short walk."
y "I can't believe we got here so fast."
Honestly, I'm not too excited to be here and actually do stuff.
Exercise?
Bleh.
I'd rather look at a certain individual do squats.
And that certain someone looks ecstatic to be here.
Dallan's tail is wagging and his grin is enormous.
d "First of all, we need to change, obviously."
d "We're not going to work out in the school uniforms."
y s"Yeah, obviously, that's exactly why I brought my change of clothing."
y bored"Wait, no I didn't, that's in my luggage."
y ec"Oh well."
y "I guess I'll just watch you sweat and flex those bulging muscles for a couple of hours."
d "Don't be silly, the gym provides clean workout clothes to all its members."
y "But I'm not a member."
d "I'm signing you up right now."
y "But I don't have any money, and I don't want to leech off of you."
d "The subscription is free for all students."
y "But I-"
d "Haha, [name], if I didn't know you any better, I'd think you don't want to work out."
y "Whaaaaat?"
y "Nooooo…"
y awkward"I totally want to have my body ache all over tomorrow morning."
d "That's the spirit!"
d "Your subscription card will be ready soon, let's get you those clothes."
y bored"yaaay."
We walk in the back led by a big otter, almost as big as Dallan, named Emanuel.
Apparently they were gym bros, but Emanuel has a family now and Dallan is super busy these days, so they don't have time to do it together.
And by 'it' I mean work out, of course.
At least I hope that's what they were referring to.
In fact, as soon as he chose my size and gave me the clothes, he had to go home for the day.
d "Looks like it's just us for a while."
d "Let's go change."
y blush"Together?"
y awkward"What am I saying, duh."
y "Common changing room."
Thankfully Dallan was already on his way so my nonsense mumbling was kept to myself.
As far as I noticed, Dallan has incredible senses.
It would be very risky to peek while he's changing.
Don't get me wrong, I would totally take that risk.
I have no shame when it comes to men.
But he is looking directly at me as we both change.
His eyes are not on me a hundred percent of the time.
But he is facing me, and meeting my eyes from time to time.
While we pull our pants down, while we take off our shirts, while we fold out clothes, he's just there, facing me