.
He's so casual about it that after the first minute or so, I wasn't even feeling embarrassed.
We are now both in shorts and shirts.
Dallan seems even happier than when we got here.
But neither of us will talk about his unusual changing room etiquette.
I suppose I won't bring it up then.
un "Boooo."
un "Get off the stage."
Dallan's new casual look makes him seem more approchable, but not any less hot.
With those shorts tight on his thighs and the shirt that leaves a small part of his belly uncovered.
y simple"There aren't many people in here."
d "It's afternoon in the middle of the week, while an important practice session is taking place in the arena."
d "So I would not be surprised."
d "And that just means we have more room to make you strong."
y "Me?"
y "Specifically?"
d "As the mysterious test approaches, nobody knows what it will consist of exactly."
d "And… I hope I'm not offending you, but you're…"
d "Small."
d "We need to change that."
y smug"But I like my noodle arms."
d "No excuses."
d "Today, you're doing the same routine as me."
d "Play the music."
y surprised"What?"
y "Where is this montage music coming from?"
un scared"He's using your only quirky talent against you!"
d "We'll start easy, one hundred push ups!"
EASY?!
That's impossible for me!
I feel like it's time for a little cheating.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I do it?
→ Use speed and strength enchantments for the whole workout duration.
→ I came here to simp over a big, sexy wolf, not die of exhaustion.
→ So I'm going to do it.
→ Maybe he'll be impressed enough to fall in love with me.
→ Try to survive on my own.
→ No…
→ It wouldn't be right.
→ Dallan said this is for my own good, to practice for the test.
→ So cheating would only hurt me in the end.
--- END CHOICES ---

Dallan jumps on the floor and starts to count his push ups.
d "one."
d "two."
d "three."
d "Come on [name], let's see that stomach hit the floor."
I don't want to disappoint him, so I start to count as well.
My efforts are three times slower and by the twentieth one I start to wobble.
un suspicious"Maybe if you imagine him on top of you it would be more motivating."
Might as well give it a try.
Transforming the push ups into a bedroom scene with Dallan proved ineffective.
As all I want is to relax under his weight and let him do his work, not push back up with all my might.
So I collapse at the fifty-fifth push up.
d "You did great, champ!"
y hurt2"But I didn't even finish."
d "I'm not expecting you to keep up with the routine I've been doing for years."
d "Doing half as much makes me proud!"
d "Next on the list!"
d "You said you liked cardio."
d "So get on the treadmill!"
d "Five miles."
d "Twenty minutes."
d "GO GO GO"
y "Yes sir!"
Unfortunately I fall flat after one mile, which took ten minutes to complete.
d "Great performance!"
d "Next."
d "Hand to hand combat."
Oh boy…
We spar, run, lift and stretch for hours.
The few people that were with us are now gone.
Because nobody likes to punish themselves as much as we two.
Finally, the montage is ending...I feel like dying.
d "You did great!"
d "I'm glad you put in so much effort."
d "I know it must've been hard."
d "But you were honest, and hardworking so you deserve a treat."
Please tell me the treat is a kiss at least.
d "Here."
He hands me an energy drink.
d "It's a special drink, infused with magic."
d "It won't put you right back up on your feet, but you will feel better soon."
d "Also…"
d "I know you have the ability to enchant your strength and speed."
d "And the fact that it's clear you didn't use those makes me even prouder!"
Dallan jumps on the floor and starts to count his push ups.
d "one."
d "two."
d "three."
d "Come on [name], let's see that stomach hit the floor."
I don't want to disappoint him, so I start to count as well.
Surprisingly, because of my enchantments I can keep up with him and we finish at the same time.
y "Very subtle 'noodle arms'."
Shut up...
d "Wow, can't believe you kept up so well."
y awkward"I'm… a natural?"
d "If that's the case, let's move on to the next one."
d "If neither of us needs a break."
d "Let's do it!"
d "You said you liked cardio."
d "So get on the treadmill!"
d "Five miles."
d "Twenty minutes."
d "GO GO GO!"
y "Yes sir!"
By the twenty minute mark I get up to seven miles.
un squint"You do realize the average mortal runs a mile in about ten minutes, right?"
d "Wow."
d "Just… wow."
d "Moving on."
d "Hand to hand combat."
d "I suppose I don't have to hold back for the rest of the workout."
We spar, run, lift and stretch for hours.
The few people that were with us are now gone.
Because nobody likes to punish themselves as much as we two.
un "I wouldn't call what you did 'punish'."
d "You did good."
d "Great even."
d "But you know…"
d "You really didn't have to try to impress me."
y "Guess you figured it out…"
d "I'm not that dumb, [name]."
d "But as long as you didn't stick to your lie, I suppose it's not a big deal."
d "You still ended up sweating at least."
d "So I can't be TOO mad."
y smileworry"Sorry again."
y "Promise it won't happen again."
d "I trust it won't."
d "How does hitting the showers sound?"
y ec"I could certainly go for some cold water in my fur."
d "I should also probably let you know."
d "Tomorrow we'll have team battles."
d "And obviously we'll make a great team, so you're with me!"
y smileworry"Me?"
y "Make a great team?"
y "I don't have anything to offer."
d "Nothing to offer?"
d "You did great at practice for someone that 'has nothing to offer'."
d "Plus, this time, I can protect you while you get up close to your opponent."
d "And destroy them!"
y smug"Heh, I can try."
y simple"That reminds me."
y confused"What are your powers?"
y "I never asked."
d "I specialize in extreme defense and raw strength."
d "I can make light shields and constructs appear anywhere."
d "As long as there is a light source around."
He demonstrates by throwing a weight at a window, but stopping it with a shield before it hits it.
Then another shield on the floor so the weight doesn't damage the floor when falling.
y surprised"Woah!"
y "Now it all makes sense."
d "The shields can be broken."
d "It's difficult to do so, but possible."
d "My barrier, however, is indestructible."
y "Barrier?"
d "It's a special ability, I can create it around one person and it lasts for a day."
d "I can choose another target the next day."
d "Nothing gets through it."
y "You are very powerful, no wonder you're a Shard leader, or THE Shard leader."
y "Considering how highly everyone thinks of you."
d "Did I mention magic does not work on me?"
y surprised"I am just more and more impressed the more you talk."
d "Sorry for blabbering so much, I'm just very proud about my powers."
d "They really help me a lot."
d "At least I got blessed in that regard."
d "If not much else."
y "I'd say your body is a blessing."
Why did I say that?
y "I wish I was half as strong as you."
That's better.
d "Continue to do what we did today, and I predict you'll catch up to me in no time!"
y bored"That's not going to happen, nooo thanks."
d "Ha."
d "As you wish."
d "I'll get us some shower towels, you can go ahead in there without me."
y s"Roger that."
I was kinda hoping to change together again, but I'm not that lucky.
I get in the shower, I would've preffered if each stall had a sturdy door, but instead, all that protects me from outside forces is a thin and short shower curtain.
un simple"Nice, we're alone."
un "We need to think of a way to make you stronger."
un "Because I don't know if I mentioned this before."
un suspicious"But you are pathetic and scrawny."
Not for long, if I do what Dallan told me.
un bored"Mortal body mass will only help you in trivial circumstances."
un "If you want to be strong enough to summon me, you need REAL power."
un squint"I learned about this phenomenon, where a mortal's brain will function better while covered in hot water, just like now."
un simple"It is the ideal place to have profound thoughts."
You learned what a 'shower thought' is?
un simple"Precisely."
un "I heard showers are the perfect time for that."
un "An uninspired but accurate name."
un squint"I think it has something to do with your peculiar technologies."
It's not as simple as that.
But yeah, what else should you do while cleaning your body?
Other than think.
Which makes deep thoughts come to the surface usually.
un squint"Then let's think."
un "With two minds under the water, the 'shower thoughts' shall be extra profound."
hmmmm…
un "mmmm…"
un eyeroll"Maybe with the perfect sacrifice, magic could be transmuted…"
un "What are you thinking about?"
oh, you know.
un surprised"Wha-"
un suspicious"What is that?"
un "Is that an arm?"
un "Are you thinking of a sacrifice too?"
un surprised"Wait."
un bored"No."
un "That's a dick."
un ang"ARE YOU THINKING OF DICK RIGHT NOW?!"
Can't help it…
It's almost like someone's lustful side effects got to me.
un "DON'T YOU DARE BLAME IT ON ME."
un "I'M OUT HERE TRYING TO THINK OF WAYS TO MAKE YOU LESS OF A WUSS."
un "TO GIVE YOU GODLY AMOUNTS OF POWERS TO SUMMON AN EVEN MORE POWERFUL ENTITY."
un "AND YOUR MIND GOES STRAIGHT TO COCK?"
un "I SWEAR I WILL-"
st "Hey there."
un suspicious"huh?"
The new voice calmed Scribbles down at least.
But who the hell starts a conversation with a stranger in the shower?
un "Great."
un "You're getting raped. "
un "Call it punishment for being horny in the most inappropriate of times."
Don't be so dramatic.
I turn around.
A small red panda, with dark circles underneath his eyes and a relaxed expression is now in front of me.
He's wearing oversized layered clothes that look like they were the first and only things he could find in a rush.
un bored"Judging clothes now, mister 'dress shirt, pants and tie'?"
y nakedsimple"Can I... help you?"
As I mentioned, there is only a thin shower curtain, about a meter and a half tall between us.
st "Yeah, I got a question, dude."
y "Uhmm, I don't have any money?"
st "What?"
st "Naah dude, I don't need money."
st "I'm kinda loaded actually."
st "Got my own place and everything."
st "Would have a car too if they allowed those."
b "Name's Bean by the way."
y "Bean?"
y "Like B-E-A-N?"
b "Wait let me check."
b "B…"
b "E……"
b "E-"
b "No."
b "A…"
b "E.."
b "N…"
b "Whatever."
b "It's Bean."
b "You got it right."
B "Friends call me Beanie."
b "Benzo."
b "Mister Beansticle."
B "Wait, no."
b "Not that one."
b "Nobody calls me Mister Beansticle."
B "It would be weird if anyone called me that, haha, right?"
y "Why, because it sounds a bit like 'testicle'?"
b "What?"
b "No dude."
b "You only call super old people 'Mister'."
b "Like the Headmaster of the academy."
b "I heard he's like."
b "Over 25."
b "Isn't that craaazy?"
y nakedbored"I'm pretty sure it's way more than that."
b "Whaaat?"
b "You think he's like, over 30?"
y nakedpf"yyyyes…"
b "I don't know if I believe you, man."
b "Sounds extreme."
y nakedpf"You got me, haha, me and my little jokes, canyougoawaynow?"
b "Huh, why?"
y "I'm… taking a shower?"
b "And?"
y nakedbored"I'm naked…"
b "Woah!"
b "You shower naked?"
b "Let me see."
y nakedangry"What the-"
y "GO AWAY!"
He looks over the curtain, good thing I have a big enough tail to cover myself.
Even if the water flattened it.
b "You don't have to cover up, I'm not shy."
y nakedbored"Speaks the one that's fully clothed."
b "Haha, yeah, so true, dude."
b "I AM clothed and speaking."
un tease"haaa, he got your ass."
b "Oh, man, look at that."
He leans in and point at my thigh.
b "I always wanted spots on my body."
b "Or like stripes."
y nakedbored"You have stripes."
b "Huh?"
b "Wha-"
b "Where?"
y nakedpf"The tail."
b "Oh boy!"
b "Look at these!"
b "Hahaaaa."
b "Hmmm."
b "Stripes are boring."
b "Can you take these off, and like, give me like, you know, those hurricane like patterns some people have and-"
y nakedconfused"Wait wait."
y "'Give you'?"
b "Yeah, like you just made my stripes appear."
y nakedsimple"I didn't..."
y nakedpf"I don't think I can do that…"
b "Oh, no worries, I'll take some more fur in the cheeks if you don't mind."
b "It would look good when I put on some muscle."
I'm gonna have a melt down.
What is he even saying?
Am I dreaming?
Did I die?
Is this Hell?
Why am I being punished?
I'm still naked in the shower talking to a stranger.
b "I think long fur is good if you keep it clean."
b "The ladies like it when-"
y nakedangry"DAMNATION!"
y "Please just ask your darn question and leave!"
b "Oi!"
b "Right."
b "The question."
b "The thing."
b "Ughh, where did I-"
b "This pocket.."
b "No…"
b "In here?"
This is one of the rare times when a growl escaps my muzzle.
b "Aha!"
b "Found it, here."
y nakedsimple"A note?"
b "Yeah."
y nakedbored"A NOTE?"
b "Yeah."
y nakedpf"You just gave me a piece of paper."
b "Yeah, that's a note."
b "I think."
y nakedangry"You said..."
y "YOU HAVE A FUCKING QUESTION!"
I no longer care that I'm naked, I let go of my tail and grab Bean by the neck and shake him vigorously.
un suspicious"Oi oi, calm down!"
un "If you are arrested for murder you can't complete our deal!"
b "The-"
b "Ques-"
b "tion-"
b "Is-"
b "On-"
b "The-"
b "Note-"
b "Du-"
b "ude-"
I stop and let go of Bean.
b "Now I'm dizzy."
b "It actually feels pretty good."
b "hmm, really good."
b "You wanna come by my place some time and do this again?"
y nakedbored"Sorry, I let my anger show for a second."
y "It doesn't usually happen."
b "Why were you angry?"
b "Is it because you're wet?"
b "I heard cats hate water."
b "Didn't think it turns them homicidal."
To my better judgement, I ignore my new friend, and unfold the paper.
It reads:
Hey there cutie, winky face
I couldn't help but notice you work out with so much passion.
That body of yours barely needs any more work, another winky face.
Meet me in the back for a quick fuck.
Promise I'm worth your time, a third winky face.
A doodle of a penis is drawn on the side.
and... signed?
Signed who?
un heart"He has such a way with words."
un "Personally I'm charmed."
This smells like a prank.
Especially because of all the grammar mistakes.
y nakedpf"Bean?"
y "Did you write this?"
b "Why?"
b "What does it say?"
y "It's an invitation to…"
y "A date."
b "Naah man."
b "I like girls."
b "Maybe if you wore a wig or something."
b "You do have the hips."
un eyeroll"Are you actually thinking about it?"
do you think it's legit?
un bored"Why not?"
un "A lot of creeps were looking at you while you were laying, struggling on the floor."
y nakedpf"Who gave you this note?"
b "I don't know his name."
y "What species was he, at least?"
b "Woah dude, I don't see species."
y nakedbored"Fuck me…"
b "Stop trying to court me, man."
b "It's not gonna work."
y "When did he give you this?"
b "Like an hour ago."
b "I was told to wait until you're alone."
d "Hey [name], I brought towels."
d "Uhm, who is your completely clothed friend looking over the curtain?"
b "Hi."
b "I'm Bean."
d "Nice to meet you, Bean."
d "And what are you, Bean, doing here exactly?"
b "I forgot."
d "oh."
There are now two guys looking at my naked body.
but at least Dallan has a towel on.
And it's only fair that I also stare at him while he's here.
d "Is he bothering you, [name]?"
y nakedbored"I guess not..."
b "I'd say more like 'enlighten' than 'bother'."
b "He still sees species, can you believe it?"
d "You judge others by species, [name]?"
d "That's not very nice."
b "That's what I'm saying, see, dude?"
y nakedangry"I'M NOT!"
y "I don't judge anyone!"
y nakedsimple"I promise!"
Damn it Bean, you're making me look bad.
As we talk about this woke subject, with water still pouring on my back, I realize I'm still holding the note.

--- CHOICES ---
→ The question stands, do I go have some action in the back or stay here with these two?
→ Accept
→ Fuck it, I'm not spending a moment longer having this conversation.
→ I turn off the water.
→ I dry myself up and put it around my waist.
→ I'm out.
→ Mysterious man wanting to fuck me, here I come.
→ Yeah, well, I have my needs.
→ And if the opportunity is here, why not take it?
→ Besides, it will be super quick.
→ I didn't even bother to put on clothes.
→ I'm just going to drop this towel and let whoever wants a piece of me, have it.
→ I go outside, I feel the evening chill even if the sun is still up.
→ Might be because my fur is not completely dry and I'm almost naked.
→ The back of the gym was not really a sight to be in woe by.
→ A big slope of dirt and grass blocked the view from one direction.
→ The gym itself from the other, and some empty dumpsters along with old and broken gym equipment from the sides.
→ Basically, this is the perfect place for a quicky, but not the most romantic one.
→ I'm here to vent my frustrations and get rid of this lust I accumulated.
→ no response.
→ I get it!
→ I have anxiety, I don't need another voice listing all the insecurities I have.
→ I lean on the wall, adjusting my towel.
→ A new, sinister, raspy voice makes my heart skip a bit.
→ Both from happiness and nervous chills.
→ I turn my head towards the voice and…
→ Nobody is there.
→ I stumble and fall back.
→ My towel is miraculously still standing strong, but I better not spread my legs, for obvious reasons.
→ Someone… or something?
→ Is in front of me.
→ My first thought is that it's somebody with a mask on, anonymous sex is not unheard of.
→ But there doesn't seem to be a muzzle underneath the mask, it stays almost flat on the face, uniformly.
→ A black void hole being the center of attention.
→ It's body was normal at first glance, but the more I stared the more I realized how wrong the proportions really were.
→ With the bloody claws, wild mane and the ambiguous species.
→ His claws suddenly grow in size, until they touch the ground, resembling sharp swords.
→ He winds up his new claws ready to strike.
→ Is this really how I die?
→ I didn't even get to tell my crush I like him...
→ I manage to scramble up to my feet and dodge the first blow.
→ But my way is blocked by all the crap mentioned earlier.
→ Before either Scribbles or the thing manage to kill each other, the back door swings open and an angry Dallan in underwear shows up to the rescue.
→ And Bean is right behind him, of course.
→ My savior arrived!
→ I'm almost crying tears of happiness.
→ But you don't have a smoking hot body that's almost naked.
→ A box of magic light appears around the monster.
→ The Nightfallen tries to cut his way out, but the cage is too strong, as it slowly becomes smaller and smaller.
→ To our surprise, it started talking.
→ The atmosphere suddenly became way lighter, Dallan's mere presence is enough to know FOR SURE that I will be okay.
→ Dallan lets him go.
→ Even saying this, I can't help but notice how goofy the Nightfallen's mannerisms are when he's not in a homicidal mode.
→ He seems... like a real person, a very weird person.
→ Unknown visibly relaxes.
→ The two walk away talking in a very natural way.
→ Like long lost friends.
→ We walk back inside, a little flabbergasted.
→ Dallan looks at me with a smirk.
→ All I can do is groan at his awful joke.
→ But someone else found it hysterical.
→ Finally, Dallan gets to take that shower and I get to put my pants back on.
→ When we're done and ready, we start walking back to the academy.
→ The evening sun setting slowly.
→ Decline
→ I look at the big dork in his underwear, just casually having a conversation with the weirdest little guy I've ever met.
→ I don't want to risk losing him for a couple of minutes of fun.
→ You're right…
→ I'm happy with my decision.
→ I rip the paper, which at this point got soft and moist from the running water.
→ I stop the water.
→ Dry myself up and place the towel around my waist.
→ 'Sacrifice'?
→ A minute after Dallan leaves the room, and before I can put some clothes on.
→ We hear a loud, startling sound, making even Bean go into a defensive position.
→ And we see the back door fly from its hinges.
→ A big, dark figure stands now in front of us, only meters away.
→ The Nightfallen fixates its gaze, or whatever I should call the dark abyss in its mask, on me.
→ Its already massive claws transform into long, sharp swords, reaching and scratching the ground.
→ Then it sprints towards me.
→ I manage to dodge out of the way by rolling.
→ My world is dizzy from that move, but it seemed like it worked.
→ It is now only feet away from Bean, but thankfully it ignores him.
→ I'd be most thankful.
→ Bean is casually poking the Nighfallen from behind.
→ Bean even grabs his tail, the Nightfallen shivers and blushes, but doesn't attack him.
→ In fact, his claws retract back to normal.
→ The Nightfallen gets red from anger.
→ The Nightfallen spoke, but more importantly, it looks ready to attack again, with more kill intent than before.
→ Thankfully, it didn't come to that.
→ It gets trapped in a magic light box.
→ At the end of the room stands Dallan, still in his towel, with a serious expression on his face.
→ My savior arrived.
→ I'm almost crying tears of happiness.
→ But you don't have a smoking hot body that's almost naked.
→ The Nightfallen tries to cut his way out, but the cage is too strong, as it slowly becomes smaller and smaller.
→ Now it's the second time it's spoken.
→ The atmosphere in here suddenly became way lighter, like Dallan's mere presence is enough to make me know FOR SURE I will be okay no matter what.
→ Dallan lets him go.
→ As we talk, I can't help but notice how goofy the Nightfallen's mannerisms are when he's not in a homicidal mode.
→ He seems... like a real person, a very weird person.
→ The two walk away talking in a very natural way.
→ Like two long lost friends.
→ We watch them open and close the main door, a little flabbergasted.
→ Dallan looks at me with a smirk.
→ All I can do is groan at his awful joke.
→ But someone else found it hysterical.
→ Finally, Dallan gets to take that shower and I get to put my pants back on.
→ When we're done and ready, we start walking back to the academy.
→ The evening sun is setting slowly.
--- END CHOICES ---

We arrive at dinner fairly quick.
The tables already started to fill, but we notice two familiar figures waving at us, with a table reserved.
t "[name]! [name]!"
t "Come here!"
t "Sit next to me!"
d "Hey guys, how has your day been?"
a "Still stuck in detention, as you may recall."
d "Oh right, me and [name] had so much fun, I completely forgot about detention."
a "Salt to the wound…"
t "What did you end up doing after practice?"
y "We went to the gym."
y "And met some questionable people."
t "Ish."
t "Is that it?"
t "Then I'm glad I stayed in detention."
t "Isn't that right, Aiden?"
Aiden is almost smiling back as a response.
Which is not something that happens when Tate is around.
I guess they really didn't get bored.
t "Aiden got us a TV in detention with a DVD."
t  "With his pocket magic."
d "Ah, so that's how it is."
Tate gets a slap in the back of the head, but not as hard as I would've expected.
a "Stupid."
d "Don't worry, I'm not going to forbid you two from having fun."
d "I know staying in a room for hours can get tiresome."
Speaking of tiresome, I realize now, sitting down, that sleepiness is creeping up on me.
The cat's frantic movements are the ones that keep me on my toes.
As he keeps grabbing my shoulders and hugging me as he talks.
a "Hey, [name], you alright?"
Y "I'm just tired, and hungry."
t "Well duuh."
t "You don't go to the gym, it makes you tired, everyone knows that."
d "But getting tired and sweating are the recipe for success!"
t "You can sweat and get tired from fun things too."
t "If we were to go on that adventure I proposed yesterday, you would know that, [name]."
d "You two stay here, me and Aiden will bring food for the table."
t "Great!"
t "Just don't bring any fish."
Tate seems a little tired as well, so he leans on my arm and purrs silently.
un bored"While those macho heads aren't here to distract you."
un "I have good news."
un "I came out with the perfect idea to make you stronger."
It's not a sacrifice, is it?
un suspicious"No, I'm still working on that plan."
Awesome!
So what is it?
un "All you need to do is wait for nightfall."
Oh no…
It's not illegal, is it?
un bored"It would be best if nobody found out."
un "But I don't know all your laws, so I can't say."
As long as we're not killing anyone…
I guess it's fine.
un "I'll explain more in detail later."
un suspicious"The waiting game has begun."
The guys come back with a variety of food.
I'm not even sure what I have in my hands right now, but it tastes good.
A conversation topic is in need right now.
Maybe I should ask them some personal questions…
At least the ones I have a deeper connection with.
y simple"Aiden, Tate?"
a "Hm?"
t "Sup?"
y "Can I ask…"
y s"What was Dallan like in his first few years here?"
d "Why are you asking them?"
d "I'm right here."
y "I want a third party's opinion."
y smileworry"Nothing personal."
a "Oh boy."
t "Aiden, he doesn't know."
a "I think he doesn't know."
t "Do you think he knows?"
a "He definitely doesn't know."
y bored"Just tell me already."
d "Uhmm."
d "Does anyone want dessert?"
a "Nobody, other than you, can eat dessert after all the food we brought back."
d "[name], you said you were tired right?"
y smug"Not tired enough to miss this."
y determined"Spill the tea."
a "For starters, let's just say our little wolf wasn't always the smiling idol he is now."
d "Idol?"
a "He and Chelsie were a menace on this campus."
a "Bigger troublemakers than Tate."
t "Yeah!"
t "They used to bully me."
y surprised"What?"
Dallan is blushing with shame.
d "We were just teasing."
d "Besides, I tried to stop Chelsie from putting that spider in your mouth."
t "I can still feel its tiny legs crawl inside my stomach."
y simple"…"
a "…"
d "..."
t "I will never forget it..."
t "But it's fine, we're friends now!"
Tate hugs Dallan with one arm and Aiden with the other.
Aiden doesn't look very happy about it, but doesn't pull away either.
a "Yeah…"
a "When I first arrived here, Dallan was a second year, together with Chelsie."
a "We, the first years, were in a sex ed lesson where we were going to practice dominant female on male penetration."
y simple"Nice?"
a "And we found out after it ended, that a certain someone, poked holes in the condoms."
He glares at Dallan while he hides his face in his palms, red as a beet.
y surprised"Holy shit!"
t "Wait, I didn't know that either."
y "What happened next?"
a "Luckily, only two couples were chosen to perform."
a "One of the women was infertile and one of the guys was as well."
d "We got yelled at a lot by the principal."
a "I'm surprised you weren't expelled."
y simple"How was it discovered, that there were holes?"
a "Chelsie got cold feet, and turned herself in."
a "Not both."
a "Just herself."
d "Only after that did I realize we went too far."
d "So I came clean as well."
d "In my defense, from that day forward, I dedicated myself to following the rules!"
d "No matter what!"
t "I think it would only be fair to talk about good things too."
d "Yes please."
t "Remember two years ago?"
a "Heh, it was kind of epic I suppose."
y "What happened two years ago?"
t "The mechanism that holds the barrier around town malfunctioned, letting Nightfallen inside."
t "But they didn't get far."
t "This guy single-handedly drove the ones that dared come inside away."
t "Then created a temporary barrier around town."
d "It was the most painfully agonizing use of my power ever."
t "While Chelsie repaired the mechanism."
a "From that day forward we had dedicated mechanics supervising the machine twenty-four/ seven."
d "That's also how we got elected as leader and vice leader."
y smug"I have my good bit of dark secrets as well, so as long as there were no serious consequences…"
y smileworry"I still think you're a noble person."
d "Awww, thank you [name]."
t " cough cough* kissass *cough*."
a "So heartwarming…"
y simple"So, Tate, how come you know so much about the academy, aren't you a first year like me?"
t"Ah, this is my first year studying here."
t"But I lived here for three years."
a"You mean you bothered* everyone in this establishment for three years."
t"Ignore the striped one."
t"And sorry, but that's all I'll say for now, you understand, right?"
y ec"Yeah, totally, I understand."
y simple"Hey Aiden, how come you have so little work to do compared to Dallan?"
y "Are the jobs of a vice leader and leader that different?"
a "W-why are you asking?"
a "I do the regular amount of work."
a"What can I say?"
a"If you love what you're doing, then time moves slower."
y bored"That does not really answer to-"
a"Let's change the topic."
t"Oh come ooon."
t"Tell us your secret."
d"I would love to know as well actually, being more productive sounds great."
a"Why don't the 2 of you mind your own business?!"
He looks at me with the same glare, I can see his eyes soften when meeting mine.
a "Seriously it's nothing, I'm just fast."
a "Can we talk about something else?"
a "Please?"
a "Like…"
pass
a "So you really just spent the whole day at the gym?"
a "And nothing interesting happened?"
Me and Dallan look at each other and he gives a curt nod.
y simple"Well."
y "We kind of got attacked by another Nightfallen."
t "Holy shit!"
a "And you took this long to mention it?"
a "Another prank from a summoner, perhaps?"
d "Not this time."
d "This was a real one, with a mind of his own."
y "But he did mention his, quote-unquote 'master' a lot."
t "Now I wish I was there."
y bored"He tried to kill me."
t "Now I REALLY wish I was there."
a "Did you kill it in return?"
d "Uhm, no."
y "We sorta made him a new friend and sent him on his way."
a "…"
a "Are you fucking with us right now?"
a "Are you saying there is an intelligent Nightfallen that tried to kill [name], just hanging out with someone in town at this very moment?"
y simple"…"
d "In retrospect, it might've been a bad idea to just let him go like that…"
y worried"But we couldn't just kill it."
d "And reporting him would start panic among the residents."
t "I was expecting more from someone as organized as you, Dallan."
d "Sorry."
y bored"Big words coming from you, Tate."
a "I suppose that's true."
a "If word gets out that regular Nightfallen can go through the barrier, nobody will be very pleased."
a "After all, one of the main reasons this town is even populated in the first place is because it is the safest place to be protected against Nightfallen."
t "But now we have a mystery on our hands."
a "The good news is that in Dallan's presence, you don't have much to fear