.
t "HERE IS YOUR FIRST MISTAKE!"
t "You're all wasting their efforts and abilities."
ap "T-their?"
t "YOUR PARENTS'!"
t "SOCIETY'S!"
t "MONTY'S!"
goo "NOT MONTY!"
t "How can you ever look any of them in the eyes while defaming their legacy?"
t "You're playing a fantasy game, about being superhero adventurers, but you do not realize..."
t "YOU CAN BE THAT IN REAL LIFE!"
t "Don't you want to achieve that goal?"
t "Don't you wanna fuck a dragon in real life?"
ben "HELL YEAH!"
t "And possibly get normal partners along the way as well?"
They slowly nod.
t "And how are you going to stop being losers if you don't learn to touch grass and use your best weapons against Nightfallen?"
t "Magic!"
So far, he managed to make three of them cry twice and one of them vibrate with the prospect of courting a dragon.
un "I thought these were considered 'adults' in your kind."
They... are.
un "Fascinating."
goo "{i}*sob*{/i} I want-{i}*sob*{/i} I want to join the Sorcery Shard..."
t "You... you want to join?"
Most of them nod vigorously.
t "There we go, CHANGING OUR MINDS, HUH?!"
t "A LITTLE LATE FOR THAT!"
What is he doing?
ben "L-late?"
t "I don't even know what to say, the demand is pretty high, you have to be really lucky to get in at this point..."
cal "But... it's only been a day and-"
t "THAT'S TOO LATE!"
t "People got in line months ago!"
ben "Please mister cat! I need to get in!"
go "I can't afford to bring shame on my family's name!"
goo "I want to have super cool magical adventures in real life!"
ap "I want to impress cute girls with my magic!"
ben "I want to impress cute {b}guys{/b} with my magic!"
t "{i}*sigh*{/i}, fine, I'll see what I can do."
t "Here, sign your name on this list and I might be able to convince the leader of the Sorcery Shard to let you in."
t "Although it's not a promise."
t "And you'll owe me after this."
goo "THANK YOU!"
ap "WE ARE SO GRATEFUL!"
ben "WE'RE IN YOUR DEBT!"
go "LONG LIVE OUR PURPLE KING!"
The four first years sign our list.
I'm just standing there, flabbergasted...
un "I'm surprised as well."
un "He's REALLY good at manipulating, which I thought was MY area of expertise."
un "Even if those five seem dumber than freshly birthed cubs."
un "Aren't 'nerds' supposed to be highly intelligent?"
Smart, not wise.
un bored"Ah, that explains the whole 'you' situation..."
What's that supposed to mean?
un "You know."
...
un "Maybe hanging around this cat won't be as bad as I thought."
y awkward"W-well, glad we got all of that sorted out, I guess we'll see you all at the auditions."
y "Come on, Tate, let's go and-"
t "Hold on."
Tate stares at the caracal with squinted eyes.
At least I'm assuming that's what they'd look under the glasses.
t "You."
The others, once again leave space for the two of them.
cal "M-me?"
t "Why aren't you signing?"
cal "I-I'm in my second year."
t "Did I stutter?"
t "Did... did anyone hear me stuttering?"
t "Do I have a stuttering problem, by any chance?"
t "A-a-are m-my wo-words get-getting t-tangled b-be-before they c-come out?"
The other four shake their heads frantically.
t "Come closer."
cal "..."
t "Closer."
t "When was the last time you had sex, son?"
Son...?
cal "I..."
t "When was the last time you grabbed a piece of ass and really just buried your face in that thing and went-"
t"{i}BRRRRRRR{/i}!"
cal "Uhmmm..."
cal "{size=20}I-I'm kind of a vn....{/size}"
t "What was that?"
cal "I'm sorta of a vgin...."
t "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!"
cal "I'M A VIRGIN!"
t "..."
t "I see."
t "Come here."
He guides the guy with a hand on his back, the difference in height is hilarious compared to the power dynamic.
Tate brings him two feet in front of me.
t "Look at this guy, do you think he's hot?"
y "Huh?"
cal "Y-yeah?"
t "Would you fuck him?"
y blush2"What the hell?"
cal "Yes."
un bored"Wow, no hesitation."
un "Good for you I guess."
t "Give him a kiss then, right here, right now."
The caracal looks back at his fellow ner-
I mean geeks, that are all giving him the thumbs up.
Is nobody gonna ask my opinion???
He takes a deep breath, then-
Leans forward with his eyes closed and lips at the ready.
un scared"Dodge!"
I practically jump backwards, hitting the floor.
y blushmad"What the ACTUAL fuck?!"
I thought they were joking!
t "YOU SEE THAT?!"
t "See how disgusting you are?"
t "He would've accepted the kiss, and maybe even gone on a date with you after, IF you had accomplishments inside the Sorcery Shard!"
t "Instead of wasting your time in whatever other, inferior Shard you chose."
cal "I-is that true?"
He stares at me with wide eyes.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Uhmmmm....
→ Yes.
→ Nope.
→ I would date you anywhere, anytime, hot stuff~
--- END CHOICES ---

y simple"Ermm, yes?"
cal "Hell yeah..."
y bored"No way..."
He seems disappointed.
t "Of course he says that now!"
t "You are so pathetic that he doesn't believe in your abilities at all!"
t "You gotta show him you can do it!"
cal "Y-yeah, yeah, you're right!"
cal "I'll impress him!"
cal "I'll impress everyone!"
cal "I'll get all the ass!"
Tate gives me a side eye for almost ruining his manipulation attempt.
y smug"Hell yeah, hot stuff~"
y "I only jumped out of surprise."
y "In fact, how about we get out of here right now and make out somewhere private."
y "And maybe I can even give you a taste of something else as well."
The feline blushes heavily before Tate intervenes.
t "Hahaha."
t "HA!"
t "See how he's mocking you?"
t "He's making fun of you!"
cal "Oh...of course."
t "But you can show him you're good enough to be made out with."
t "And maybe more."
t "You just have to sign."
The cat's words are making these guy's ears work like a roller-coaster the whole time, going up, down, making loops of excitement.
At his final statement, they remain raised high, twitching lightly.
He walks towards Tate, holding the list and signs.
cal "I'm going to quit the Defender's Shard right now!"
t "Yeah, that's the spirit!"
The other nerds cheer as well.
t "Good job!"
t "Don't forget to come back for this beast when you've defeated a thousand Nightfallen with your magic!"
He slaps my back a few times.
y simple"ow."
Tate collects the list with five more signatures now on it.
t "Pleasure doing business with you boys, and don't forget, the secret to having bitches is cool magic."
He shoots out some mini fireworks from his fingertips, at which they applaud.
ben "Wait!"
ben "You never told us your name!"
t "My name...?"
t "Heh."
t "Just call me Master."
Finally, we get to leave the room, with half the list filled and five nerds left in awe.
y simple"Wow."
t "I know, I'm awesome, aren't I?"
y bored "I can't believe you whored me out like that."
t "Ah, that...well, you can't bake a cake without breaking a few eggs, or something like that."
t "But come on, you were impressed, admit it."
y pf"Ok, ok, it was pretty cool seeing you manipulate the insecurities of a group of young adults, I admit."
y simple"Now I'm surprised you didn't finish that list sooner."
t "We can call this teamwork, after all, I wouldn't have known there are people just chilling in a random classroom if it weren't for you."
t "Seriously, on the first day?"
t "I'll never understand nerds."
y "Me neither."
un "Aren't you a nerd too?"
un "I can see some memories of you being {i}preeeetty{/i} excited about a poetry grade."
un simple"Oh, and here is you crying over a 97 percent on an Algebra test just two years ago!"
Stop going through my brain...
I was... a cool nerd?
un bored"Yeah, sure."
t "How'd you do it?"
y "Hm?"
t "Knowing where they were, how'd you know?"
y "I have good hearing."
y "Or instincts?"
t "Hmmm... Alright, I'll buy that excuse for now."
t "Even if it's total bs."
t "But I'll require a more detailed explanation in the future."
t "Do you have any more ultra instincts up your sleeve to find people?"
I look around, just as a somewhat familiar black panther comes around the corner.
y s"I don't think we'll need any."
y "Look."
y "It doesn't seem like he spotted us yet."
t "Isn't that one of the recommended students, what's his face?"
t "I think it was Kale?"
y confused"What? No."
y "That was so wrong it's not even funny."
y "It's Coal."
t "Ooooh, I really really want to get him!"
t "Merina would be so happy!"
y simple"Then let's make a plan before we approach him."
t "He looks a little lost..."
Tate grins widely.
t "Do we dare?"
y "Dare what?"
t "Scam him."
y worried"No! Tate, no!"
t "Why nooot?"
t "He for SURE has a ton of magic, and he looks nice enough to be an easy target, kind of like you, AND if we get him, Merina would be super impressed with me."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should we scam him for an easy signature or risk losing him?
→ No way...
→ Fine...
--- END CHOICES ---

y bored"Fine, let's not risk it, we do need that signature."
t "Yeah!"
t "And if anything goes south, we can play it off as a joke."
We walk towards the lost panther wearing a worried face.
y "Hi there."
t "Hey!"
co "Oh, hello."
y "Do you need any help? You seem lost."
co "No thank you, I'm fine, I was just waiting for someone, but they're a little late."
t "Are you perhaps a first year?"
co "I am, how'd you know?"
co "Am I that obvious?"
t "I don't see a badge on you and first years are usually the ones that look the most confused."
co "Makes sense."
t "Have you joined the Shard yet?"
co "{i}'The'{/i} Shard?"
co "Don't you mean {i}'a'{/i} Shard?"
y "No, you see, as a first year, you HAVE to join the Sorcery Shard."
t "Yep, it's a rule."
y "You can switch out later."
co "I didn't know that."
t "Don't worry, this guy is a recommended student and even he didn't know."
co "Hey, I'm a recommended student as well!"
y smug"You don't say!"
un "Abort, abort!"
What's wrong?
un "This guy has no magic, I sense NOTHING coming from him."
Shit...
I should bring this up then.
y s"There is just one little thing we need to know before you can join."
y "Do you perhaps have any cool magic to show us?"
co "Unfortunately, I have no magic."
t "Rats..."
t "Waste of time."
un "Hold up, I sense a strong aura, but it's coming from behind him."
un "Perhaps he's hiding a very small magical person in his back pocket."
I start circling him slowly, and sure enough, behind him, perhaps not a person, but against the wall sits a prism shaped device.
un "That's it! That thing looks powerful."
un "I bet it's super magical."
Yet another conversation topic.
y "Hey what's that?"
y "It looks pretty magical to me."
co "Oh, that? It's my-"
t "Ooh, let me see!"
The cat takes it out of Coal's hands with great force, which scares him a lot, for good reason.
co "B-be careful with it, please."
co "In fact, why don't you just give it back to-"
t "Oops..."
{i}Autodestruction sequence initialized...2... minutes remaining.{/i}
un "Oh, you little fool."
Coal snatches it out of his hands and starts to disassemble it on the ground.
t "I think I'll telepo-"
I grasp his shoulder and hold him in place.
y pf"Don't even think about it, we're seeing the end of it."
We watch Coal with held breaths as he unscrews some bolts and presses some buttons.
Thankfully, he manages to shut his device off after a few agonizing moments.
{i}Reset initialized.{/i}
{i}Time remaining, 28 hours, 21 minutes.{/i}
co "Great..."
y worried"I am SO sorry, Coal!"
y "We shouldn't have touched your thing."
y simple"That sounded wrong."
y worried"We didn't know it was so sensitive!"
y pf"No, still wrong..."
y sad"We're very sorry!"
I'm shaking right now, who knows how much that thing costs.
y "L-let me pay yo-"
I open my wallet to find a lone credit card and some change, at the sight of which I panic.
y scared4"Ah!"
y scared3"Tate, money, NOW!"
The cat struggles to reach some inner pockets on his attire hastily as well.
t "I-I have, uhm."
t "Do you take graham crackers for repairs?"
co "Guys, chill out."
co "It's not a big deal, you didn't break anything."
co "But if you were to damage it, there is no price for repairs, because there's only one of these babies in the world."
y s"Phew."
y "Another day, another priceless artifact spared."
I hit Tate with my elbow as I notice his apathetic expression.
t "Ouch."
t "Yeah, I'm sorry, although I'm still interested in whatever that was."
t "Is it a bomb?"
y surprised"{i}*Gasp*!{/i}"
y "Is it?"
co "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
co "No, it's not."
co "It's... a thing."
Very descriptive.
co "And it's fine, it's my fault anyway."
y confused"How is it ever your fault in this situation?"
t "Shhh, he said it's his fault."
co "I was warned about an {i}'eccentric purple cat'{/i} and his shenanigans."
co "More so I was told to run the opposite direction if I ever spot him."
t "You heard about me?"
co "Honestly, I thought he'd be some kind of sex predator, not a tech menace."
co "And I made the mistake of standing my ground."
t "[name], he heard about me."
y "Not in a good way..."
y "Sooo, your device is going to be alright?"
co "Yeah, I just need to wait for it to reset."
co "Kind of sucks that I won't be able to use magic for a while."
t "So it IS a magic device!"
co "Yes, in fact, it's one of the main reasons I got into the academy."
co "I told you before that I don't have magic of my own, but with this little guy, I can cast a large variety of spells."
y "That's so cool!"
y "What Shard were you thinking of joining?"
He looks at our wide eyed faces and chuckles.
co "Heh, give me that list."
t "Seriously?!"
t "Appreciate it, you're saving my skin."
t "Awesome!"
y ec"Thank you so much!"
co "Why are you thanking me?"
co "Isn't this {i}'mandatory'{/i}."
y pf"Errm, yes, yes it is."
Tate hits me lightly with his elbow back.
co "Heh, it's ok, I know you were trying to {i}'scam'{/i} me, I was warned about this too."
co "But I wanted to sign up for the Sorcery Shard anyway, so it's your lucky day."
Both me and Tate are blushing from embarrassment, while Coal laughs.
co "Don't feel bad, if you want, you can make it up to me later, I'll find you whenever the time comes."
t "Welp, I'm never scamming anyone again."
co "Glad to hear it, good luck on your search, I'll go search for my friend elsewhere."
t "Before you go, what name did the person use when he warned you about me?"
co "Uhmm, I think it was... Tate?"
t "Damn it..."
co "Is that not your name?"
t "It is... kinda."
co "Kinda?"
t "It's a whole thing."
t "Cya later."
y ec"Bye, hope you find your friend, and sorry again!"
co "Good luck to you as well, in whatever trouble you decide to get in next."
t "Told you it was a bad idea to try to scam him..."
y pf"You-"
y bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}, never mind."
y simple"No."
y "We really shouldn't."
y s"Plus, he might just agree to join without having to scam him."
t "Ughh, fine, but if he refuses, it's your fault."
y "Fair enough."
We walk towards the lost panther wearing a worried face.
y "Hi there."
t "Hey!"
co "Oh, hello."
y ec"Do you need any help? You seem lost."
co "No, no thank you, I'm fine, I was just waiting for someone, although they're sure taking their time to show up..."
t "Are you perhaps a first year?"
co "I am, how'd you know?"
co "Am I that obvious?"
t "I don't see a badge, and first years are usually the ones that look the most confused."
co "Read like a book."
co "Erm, I'm Coal, by the way."
y "Right, where are our manners, I am-"
co "[name]."
co "Yeah, I heard about you, at today's announcements."
y "I'm flattered you remembered."
co "And you are... Tate, right?"
t "Damn it, why do my other names not stick to people?"
co "Is that... not your name?"
t "It is, but it's like, a whole thing, you wouldn't understand."
co "Oh."
t "At least you've heard of me, that's a big win."
co "Honestly, I was told about an eccentric purple cat in a crop top, and was warned to run away in the opposite direction as soon as I saw them."
t "He heard about me."
co "At first I thought you'd be some kind of sex predator, haha."
t "He really heard..."
y pf"Bad things about you..."
t "All publicity is good publicity, my dear [name]."
y bored"Factually untrue."
y "Anyway."
y "I'll get straight to the point."
y s"Have you joined a Shard yet?"
co "Not yet, but I've made a decision already, just need to go to the leader to sign."
t "May I ask what Shard that is?"
Tate is visibly nervous and shaking.
co "Why, the best one there is, obviously."
t "And that iiis...?"
co "The Defender's Shard."
The cat's tail drops and mine comes lower as well.
y simple"I see..."
t "Well, no time to linger and sulk, let's go find more people!"
His mood got better in an instant, although I could still feel sadness behind his words.
y awkward"A-alright, sorry Coal, we're on a strict schedule and we have to go, but it was nice meeting you."
co "Hold on, that's it?"
t "What do you mean?"
co "I thought the infamous {i}'Purple Demon'{/i}, as an anonymous encounter mentioned, would at least TRY to scam me into signing into the Sorcery Shard."
t "Wow, that's a cool name, maybe I should adopt it."
t "And hey, you heard about my list too?"
t "Just what DON'T you know?"
co "Sorry, I was just curious if you'd do it, but I guess a certain someone had a positive impact on you already."
He looks at me with a smug expression.
y simple"Are you saying you lied about-"
co "Joining the defenders?"
co "Yep, I actually wanted to join the sorcerers from the start."
Tate's mood improves again, but this time it feels genuine.
y simple"Hold on, do... do you have any magic, we forgot to ask."
co "Nope, none whatsoever."
Another tail drop from the cat follows suit.
co "I do however, have this."
He gestures to the device resting by the wall, which he picks up and places at his side.
co "It can create magic with the use of energy."
t "Cool!"
y surprised"Any kind of magic?"
co "Mostly offensive, but it can do some situational things too."
co "So yes, I will be able to pass the assessment if that's what you were worried about."
y awkward"No offense."
t "None taken, now sign PLEASE!"
He basically shoves the clipboard in Coal's face.
He signs, unbothered by Tate's enthusiasm.
co "There."
co "What about you two, what brings you in this Shard?"
t "I can fly and teleport."
co "Nice! Sounds handy."
y pf"My magic is... situational."
co "I see."
co "Here."
t "Awesome, thanks again!"
co "My pleasure, good luck on your search, I'll go search around for my friend."
y ec"Bye, hope you find your friend, and sorry again!"
t "Can't believe not scamming him worked..."
y "Sometimes, not being an asshole pays off."
t "It would appear so."
t "With that, we have six!"
t "If my math is right, that makes it more than half!"
t "How much time do we have left?"
y simple"Let's see...hmm, oh."
y simple"Twenty minutes."
t "TWENTY?"
t "What do we do?"
y bored"We could offer up our bodies in exchange for signatures?"
t "Great idea!"
y simple"W-wait, no, I was joking."
t "Right, so was I... definitely joking."
un "I spotted three more people, two to your left and another one straight ahead."
Thanks, Scribbles, you're super helpful!
un eyeroll"The things I do for my subjects."
y s"I think we should split up."
y "You take this left hallway and I'll go straight ahead, meet me back here in fifteen minutes."
t "Good idea, we can cover up more ground this way."
t "Who takes the list?"
y "Just keep it, I'll get the names of whoever I find and I'll sign them myself."
t "Roger that."
I turn around, preparing to sprint, but the soft voice of the cat stops me.
t "Hey, [name]..."
t "Thanks again, for doing this..."
t "I really need to complete this list, more than you know."
y ec"I'm happy to help, I promise I'll get you those signatures no matter what."
He smiles, but behind the curved lips are a pair of eyes lost in thought.
More than I know?
I know well enough the taste of detention, even if I've only gotten it once in my life.
un "Maybe here they're being tortured in detention, you know, like younglings are supposed to be treated in the first place."
After another moment of silence, we both sprint in our designated directions.
un "How come you didn't choose the path with the two people."
y simple"I'm not confident enough in my persuasive abilities, and Tate seems to know how to get what he wants from people."
un tease"Can he get a dick from you as well?"
y smug"He can have my heart."
un eyeroll"Bleh, romance, disgusting."
un "I'm only interested in carnal pleasure."
y s"You'll have to get used to it from now on."
un bored"That is to say, you think you can actually get in his bed?"
un curious"Actually, scratch that, why would you WANT to get in his bed?"
y smug"He's hot?"
un eyeroll"I suppose that's {i}kind{/i} of true, for someone that thinks with their dick, at least."
un simple"Hey, careful, here he comes."
I round the corner and plant my face directly into someone's chest.
st "ow..."
y awkward"Sorry, sorry, I should've been more careful!"
un ang"I told you to be careful, you fucking troglodyte."
un bored"Why do I ever bother?"
st "It's no problem, it happens when you're hurrying, I suspect you're a first year as well?"
y scared4"YES!" with hpunch
That was a little loud.
I already managed to startle him, goodbye first impressions.
y awkward"Sorry, I'm just looking for first years that haven't joined a Shard yet, are you one by any chance?"
st "I am, what's up?"
y s"Awesome! Name's [name], yours?"
con "Connor."
un bored"Douchebag."
y "Are you perhaps interested in joining the Sorcery Shard?"
con "Not really, I was thinking of becoming a slayer."
y simple"Oh... do you not have any magic?"
con "I do, but I'm just more interested in working alone in the future."
y worried"But, but..."
con "Would that be all?"
con "Can I go?"
con "Unless you want to sue for damages, you look like you hit a brick wall, not a person."
I stand up straighter, arrange my crooked tie, and try to keep my emotions under control.
y "Wait, what can I do to convince you?"
y "This is really important to my friend."
con "I don't know your friend, so not to be rude, but I don't really care."
con "Now if you'll excuse me-"
y "Hold on..."
Damn it, I don't know how to convince him, what would Tate do?
y "I'll..."
y determined"I'll suck you off... right here, right now, if you join the Sorcery Shard."
un "That's definitely not what he'd do..."
un "Slut."
con "Oh shit, for reals?"
y "Yes!"
con "You and every other guy in this place..."
y pf"Say what?"
con "In fact, I'm pretty sure a lot of guys would pay ME to let them have a go at my cock, I'm not going to make such an important decision for five minutes of heaven."
un tease"He really slapped you with reality."
con "So if you don't mind I'll just-"
y worried"WAIT!"
con "Ughh, what now?"
y worried"Please, I'll do anything."
y "A-and, you don't even have to be a member for life, you can just switch shards if you hate it so much in sorcery."
y "Doesn't that sound like a decent deal?"
con "You're not wrong... {i}'anything'{/i} you say?"
y determined"Anything."
con "You're... one of those special guys aren't you?"
con "A {i}'recommended student'{/i}, I believe you're called."
y s"Yes, I am."
con "..."
con "What are your powers?"
y "I can manipulate energy, and I have some supportive abilities on the side."
con "Shit, that's pretty good."
He thinks for a second.
con "Fine, listen up."
y "I'm all ears."
con "I have the power to copy other's magic, but the problem is that I need their consent, and it lasts for two weeks."
con "If you let me copy yours, for as long as I'm in the Sorcery Shard, every two weeks, I'll sign your list."
con "Although I doubt I'll be staying in that shard after the test."
y simple"Is this going to affect me in any way?"
con "Only for a minute, you'll feel a bit tired."
Do you think it's safe, Scribbles?
un bored"Sure, copying abilities usually doesn't bring harm to either parties, especially if you consent."
un "And copied magic is usually much, much weaker than the original magic, so you're getting the high end of the deal."
y determined"I accept."
un squint"You're in luck, this was easier than I thought."
con "And I'll take a blowjob too."
y shoked2"What?"
un bored"Aaand I spoke too soon."
con "You offered to do it before, it shouldn't be a big deal, right?"
y worried"But you said-"
con "Do you see {b}anyone{/b} around?"
con "Nobody else to do it with."
The hallways are awfully empty and silent.
con "And it just so happens I'm in the mood for one, and you're here."
con "Also, you're not half bad looking."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Do I do it?
→ Accept.
→ Might as well, it would make for good practice.
→ He holds the door of an empty classroom.
→ Once I'm inside he blocks the door with a chair.
→ He guides me towards the back pushing me from behind.
→ He rests his back against a wall and pushes my shoulders down, making me kneel in front of him.
→ I didn't expect to be manhandled like this today, but here we are.
→ He unbuttons his pants and starts sliding them down, underwear and all.
→ I could notice a large bulge growing as soon as we entered the room, but I am still surprised as his hard cock springs up and hits my chin.
→ It doesn't seem like he is going to do much effort himself, his bored eyes look down at me with a hint of anticipation and annoyance.
→ I don't bother unzipping my own pants, as I'm not necessarily doing this for pleasure.
→ Although I'd be lying if I said I'm not craving having this in my mouth.
→ I start by licking his shaft from base to tip, trying to cover as much surface with my tongue as I can.
→ His cock twitches at the sensation, and a moan or sigh of relief escapes his muzzle.
→ I massage the tip with my fingertips before grabbing the base and fixing it straight towards me.
→ I take a second to get a whiff in, because that's what they sometimes do in movies, right?
→ I've never done this before, if that wasn't obvious.
→ But that doesn't seem to be a problem for this guy, since as soon as his cock reaches the back of my throat he melts.
→ I look up at him with a smug glint in my eyes as I start to slowly slide it out until my lips are the only ones holding onto the top of his head, releasing it with a pop.
→ With another lick from the base up, I bring it back in and quicken my pace, making sure my snout hits his belly before moving my head back and repeating.
→ It turns out the awkward sessions I had in my bedroom with my toys, practicing blowjobs, were not in vain, let's hope the pillow kissing will come in handy as well at some point.
→ His hips move a bit forward as his back slumps lower against the wall, a sign of relaxation and great enjoyment.
→ His teeth are clenched, same goes for his fists.
→ I would assume that means he's close, but it doesn't seem like he wants to say anything about it.
→ I spend another minute hunched over the slab of warm meat that now goes in and out like butter.
→ I've got used to the girth at this point, and the saliva lubing it became enough to drip onto the floor, like a melting popsicle on a summer day, mixed with the precum that can be differentiated by its saltiness.
→ Before I know it, the cock in my mouth starts throbbing, followed seconds later by a thick stream of hot cum, filling my mouth and spilling down both my throat and outside my mouth, gushing through the small gaps between my lips and his shaft.

--- CHOICES ---
→ The little free space left in my mouth that wasn't occupied by dick is now full of seed.
→ Swallow.
→ The warm liquid flows deeper into me, and I don't stop it.
→ I slide his cock out, my mouth still tight around it, collecting the dripping cum that was left on it before swallowing everything with a quick tilt of my head, leaving my mouth empty.
→ He seems content by my action.
→ I lick my lips and wipe away any cum left that I can't reach, using a baby wipe from my backpack.
→ I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy this, even if I'm technically being paid for it... wait, am I-
→ Fuck!
→ Well, can't do anything about it now...
→ He places his now softened member back in his pants and buttons them back up as I get up and we walk out of the room.
→ Spit it out.
→ Before he's even done squirting everything out I hastily pull his cock out of my mouth, coughing back as much of his seed as I can, making a small puddle on the ground.
→ A warning would've been nice!
→ Through teary eyes I see him make a hand gesture, the next second the puddle flies out the window.
→ I get back up and we walk out of the room.
→ Nope nope nope nope nope.
→ Damn it, why does this guy have to ask for such a reasonable and fair exchange?
→ Can't he just accept a flying kiss or something?
→ I open my wallet, panicking at first since it's mostly empty, but then I remember my overly cautious mother, who likes to shove money into various non conventional places, so if my wallet is stolen, the thief would be TRICKED!
→ It's just a burden to me most of the time.
→ I eventually find a small stack of money in a deep pocket in my backpack.
--- END CHOICES ---

con"Let's get on with it then."
con "Give me your hand."
y blushmad"I'm not gonna marry you as well, the fuck?"
con "It's for the magic exchange..."
y simple"oh."
con "..."
con "You're not the brightest, are you?"
y pf"There's no need to be THIS rude."
He rolls his eyes as he pulls my hand closer.
un squint"Why the fuck would you think that's what he means?"
Give me a break, I'm full of emotions...
I keep my arm extended, embarrassed as he unbuttons my cuff and rolls my sleeve up, holding it with both hands.
con "When you feel a tingling sensation, simply don't resist it, and let some magic flow to your arm."
I do as I'm told, and it only takes him a couple of seconds to complete the ordeal, leaving me slightly fatigued.
con "This should be enough, might come in useful during the test."
con "So, where do I sign?"
y simple"My friend has the list, just write your name in my phone and I'll sign it for you."
con "Cool."
con"Pleasure doing business with you."
con "Now can I go?"
y awkward"Yes, sorry for taking your time, and thanks for the signature."
I watch him walk away, the taste of his cum lingering in my mouth.
y pf"This better be worth it."
I watch him walk away, with my allowance for two months in hand.
y pf"This better be worth it."
But in any case.
Thank goodness we managed to do it.
un simple"YOU did it."
un squint"I'm not even sure I want a part in this."
Suit yourself.
I'll be the hero of the day by myself.
All glory to me.
Where to now?
un bored"Back."
Back where?
un "Back where the cat told you to meet him."
un "You have like seven minutes left."
Shit.
Let's hope he managed to convince those two to sign.
t "Hey!"
t "Pleaaaase tell me you had some luck on your part."
y "I managed to get one more person to sign."
y "Did you get those two?"
t "Two?"
t "How'd you know there were two?"
y awkward"Yet another convenient guess."
t "Suspicious, but yes!"
t "I did!"
t "And all I had to do is flirt with them for a minute