I'll check up on Tate, he seems upset.
I approach him slowly from behind, as he's lost in thought.
y simple"Hey, is everything alright?"
t"Huh?"
t"Oh, yeah, everything is fine, except that Merina here-"
He points at the fox girl, to whom I give a nod of acknowledgement, being the first time we interact.
She dips her head politely.
t"Doesn't want to get rid of my detention because I'm missing a couple of people on my list!"
y simple"The one you tried to scam me into signing?"
t"Haha, you should learn to let go of the past."
t"Forget and forgive right?"
y bored"Suuuure."
m"Sorry Tate, but I can't bend the rules, not even a little."
m"The new Headmaster was really set on expelling you completely for your {i}'shenanigans'{/i}."
m"You're lucky you're still here."
m"Honestly, I'm not sure how that even happened, but I'm glad a detention is all you're going to get."
t"I was supposed to not be punished at all if I completed this..."
t"That's the last time I do any favors for tha-"
t"Nevermind..."
t"Maan..."
t"This is just depressing."
t"I might as well die right now."
He starts pacing around the room as me and Merina talk.
y worried"Is there nothing you can do?"
m"I'm afraid that the new Headmaster is a little hard on the rules, especially because it's his first year in that role."
m"As I said..."
m"He's getting off way easier than expected."
m"The Headmaster really wanted Tate to skip a year, he's very talented and gifted, but lacks maturity."
m"As you can see."
Tate's walking around us cursing the Headmaster under his breath, waving his hands in the air.
t "I just need one day, ONE day, today and perhaps tomorrow as well...but NOOOOOOO! That damn...weirdly sexy lion just has to butt in."
y simple"I see."
y"Wait, how did he already get a punishment if this is the first day?"
y"Isn't he a first year like me?"
m"Oh, he is, but, well-"
m"I don't think it's my business to tell his story."
y"Understandable, I'll find out eventually from the source, but for now-"
y"Hey, Tate."
t"hmm?"
Y s"Maybe I could help."
Y "How many signatures do you need again?"
t "Only ten..."
y "Alright, that's not so bad, we can find ten people by the end of the day."
t "Really?!"
t "Would you do that for me?"
m "But there aren't that many students on the campus, since they're probably checking their dorms..."
m"And they have to at least show SOME sign of magic to be allowed in."
m "Besides, who knows how patient the Headmaster would-"
t "Hey hey hey, if I didn't know you any better, Merina, I'd say you don't want me to complete this list."
m "Of course I want that to happen, seeing you unhappy is the last thing I wish to witness, and we can always use more members."
t "Great! Then what's the big deal?!"
h "The big deal is that you have one more hour to complete that list."
The whole room seems to get darker upon the new large, intimidating lion figure stepping into the room and our conversation, respectively.
m "Mister Argus!"
t "H-headmaster? H-hii~"
t "How's it hanging?"
t "Did you get a new haircut? Your mane looks lovely today."
h "Why yes I did, it's a special day, after all, thank you for noticing."
t "No problem, happy to serve, always at your dispos-"
h "With all that being said..."
h "I'm assuming we'll see each other in detention tomorrow?"
m "I thought Dallan was responsible for detentions until the teachers start the year."
h "Don't be absurd, the leader of the defender's Shard?"
h "Why waste the time with a misbehaving first year? It's not like I can't sign some documents and keep an eye on him at the same time."
Tate looks like he's about to fall over from anxiety, his knees shaking.
m "Yeah, but-"
h "Besides, I have a feeling we will get along pretty well, isn't that right, Tate?"
t "I...uhm, well."
y simple"But he won't have detention!"
The Headmaster's now annoyed, sharp eyes turn to me at lightning speed, but soften almost immediately.
Merina and Tate also look surprised, as if everyone forgot I was there because of the tense atmosphere, and only take notice when my words hit the floor.
m "Ah, I apologize, where are our manners?"
m "This is-"
h "[name]..."
h "Yes, yes I know, I do my own homework when it comes to my students, especially when they're so... special."
h "Pleased to meet you."
y awkward"Uhm, the pleasure's all mine?"
h "I'm sure it is."
h "Suppose I was right to keep my eye on you from the start."
y simple"What do you mean, sir?"
h "Seeing how you're the only first year that attended the leader's public meeting."
h "Or rather, the only one who willingly did so, I should say."
He side-eyes Tate, making him look away.
y "Oh, that.. I guess, but I wouldn't say-"
h "And what was that reproach you gave a second ago? If you don't mind me asking, I don't think I quite understood."
un tease"Oop, you annoyed him, haha."
un bored"Get ready for an ass whooping."
y "H-he won't have detention if he completes his list, right?"
y "That was the agreement."
y "The one with the-"
h "I know the one."
h "You'd be correct."
t "[name], you really don't-"
Merina stops him.
m "Let him talk."
y "You just said he still has an hour to complete it, right?"
h "Let me stop you right there, mister [name], I see what you're getting at."
un "Wow, he anticipated the follow up to your rhetorical question? I think he's some kind of genius."
h "So I'll ask this."
h "He needs to collect how many signatures again?"
Merina nudges Tate.
t "T-ten, sir."
h "Ten signatures in an hour."
h "Out of thirty-five."
y surprised"We can do it, we just-"
h "DO NOT." with hpunch
h "Interrupt."
{i}*Gulp*{/i}
h "Do you know how many students I passed on my way over here, all the way from my office, which is on the other side of the building?"
un bored"Negative four...?"
un "Or some bullshit like that?"
h "Two."
h "Two students, a lost bunny with no sense of direction and a map in hand, held upside down, as well as a dog with a missing arm, that asked me {i}'how's it hanging, chief?'{/i}."
h "Needless to say, not the most satisfying candidates."
h "And do you know how many students sign up on average every year for the Sorcery Shard?"
y simple"Ermm, a thous-"
h "TWO HUNDRED EIGHT!"
h "There is no way in Hell, he gathers up thirty-five signatures in one day."
h "Especially now, as evening approaches."
h "If he did, it would be some kind of record, even with help."
h "You might as well give up."
Tate looks more and more depressed as the {i}'explanation'{/i} goes on, Merina barely holding her tongue at the Headmaster's savage explanation.
y angry"So you just wanted him to fail then?"
t "[name], please."
y "Why not just give him detention in the first place then?"
y "Why bother with an impossible task?"
h "It is a lesson!"
h "I'm not expecting you to understand as a first year, just obey."
y "Well, I might not, but I do know one thing, he has ten more signatures to gather up, and that's what he'll do."
The room remains quiet, even the people that were talking nearby are now listening to our exchange.
h "..."
h "It seems like you don't like to listen to reason."
h "Know that some things can't be solved with the power of love and friendship."
h "That kind of logic will get you in a lot of trouble in the future."
y smug"That kind of logic landed me a scholarship here, didn't it?"
h "..."
h "Heh, you know what?"
h "I like you."
h "Foolish as you might be."
Breaths of relief can be heard all around, but the loudest come from Tate and Merina.
A fainting mouse is caught in Dallan's arms.
y surprised"Huh?"
h "Standing up for your friends and partners is an important quality for a hunter."
h "So, I'll give you TWO hours."
h "I still believe it impossible, but maybe you can just find ten unfortunate souls to torment around here."
t "R-really?"
m "Thank you, mister Argus."
y "Yes, thank you very much!"
h "But..."
Oh no...
un "Here comes the sex punishment."
h "If you still fail, you are both coming to detention with me."
un bored"Eh, close enough."
h "Let me make myself clear, I'm only doing this because the Sorcery Shard could most definitely use the extra members, as far as the records show."
h "I'm also going to remind you that the signatures are only valid until the auditions results come in."
h "If any of the people that signed turn out not to be proficient enough in magic, the signature won't count, and you'll both still get detention."
h "Alongside some {i}'special'{/i} punishment."
h "Do we have a deal?"
He extends his big, meaty hand to me and smirks.
t "Yes, say yes, pleasepleaseplease."
m "You don't have to do this, [name], it really does sound impossible, even with the extra time."
Merina is the voice of reason here, two hours or two days, does it even matter if we can't find people proficient enough? But the cat's new excited face replacing his sad expression really cements my decision.
How can I say {i}'no'{/i} to the hope in his eyes?
So I extend my hand as well, feeling his strong grip which I desperately try to match.
y s"Deal."
He nods slowly, pupils unmoving.
h "Then I shall leave you to it."
h "And Tate?"
t "Yes, sir?"
h "I hope you're grateful for your new friend."
h "He did just save your pelt..."
t "The gratefulest!"
The Headmaster walks away with a smile, this situation is obviously a win-win for him.
I can't believe I argued with the Headmaster on the first day... and won?
Kind of.
un "An ant doesn't win against an anteater just because the anteater wasn't hungry that day."
I would much rather hear that kind of wisdom on a positive note.
un "And I much rather have a vessel that joins the Shard that will help me get a real body as soon as possible, but we can't have everything."
Who said I'm not joining the Summoner Shard?
un ang"Oh, shut your ass up, I can feel your dick throbbing with excitement thinking about that damn cat, I know your plans."
...Perhaps you really do.
m "Wow..."
m "I didn't expect that, but it's not like I've known the Headmaster for long, so I can't be the one talking."
t "THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU [NAME]!!!" with hpunch
I was expecting to be toppled over by him, but this time he adopted a more respectful approach, taking both my hands in his and shaking them vigorously.
t "You saved me!"
y "Hold on, it's not over yet, we didn't complete the list."
t "Shoot, it felt like such a win in my book that I forgot about the real fight about to begin."
t "You need to teach me how to talk down to men who can fit my entire head in their mouths."
t "Literally."
m "I'm sorry, I do want to point out that the Headmaster can expel anyone whenever he wants, even leaders, so you should tread carefully as a first year."
t "Ha!"
t "You think he gives a damn about that old man's rules?!"
y simple"A-actually, I do, and I didn't know that."
t "oh."
y "I take it that I should avoid his bad side...?"
m "Like the plague."
y "Noted."
t "You're not pulling out because you're scared, right?"
y "Course not, I'm a man of my word."
Tate looks me up and down, raising an eyebrow.
t "{i}'Man'{/i} might be an overstatement."
y bored"I might change my mind soon..."
t "Then let's go before that happens."
He grabs me tighter and hurries towards the door, but before he can drag me along, Merina's excited voice stops him.
m "Ah, Ollie! Over here!"
m "Wait just a second you two!"
A small, skittish mouse hurries over as Merina calls him, briefly touching me and Tate with his gaze before locking his eyes to the ground again.
m "Are you okay?"
m "You fainted again."
o "Y-yeah, I have to get used to the difference in size between the old and new Headmasters."
o "He's a bit intimidating."
m "I'm sorry it gives you such a hard time."
m "[name], this is Oliver, my vice."
He adjusts his glasses.
o "H-hi."
y s"Nice to meet you, I am-"
t "{i}*Aghem*{/i}"
t "Can we do introductions AFTER I complete this list and confirm I don't have detention?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Can the list not wait for the sake of politeness?
→ You're right, no time to waste!
→ Let's not be rude.
→ The mouse looks away in shame.
→ The little guy is trembling as much as Tate did in front of the Headmaster, but I doubt I'm intimidating enough to be the cause of that.
→ He takes out a journal and starts scribbling in it.
→ He wrinkles his nose.
→ She comes closer and whispers.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Was that flirting?
→ I am.
→ I'm just trying to be nice.
--- END CHOICES ---

y "So, what's with all the homework you got there, Oliver?"
o "It's just work, you know, finances, schedules, reports, all the fun stuff."
y simple"Fun, suuure."
y s"I like your glasses."
o "Oh, t-thank you, Merina chose them for me."
m "A round pair of glasses for a round pair of ears."
She pokes at his ears, making him chuckle.
o "S-stop that."
y s"You two seem like good friends."
m "Naturally, we've known each other for a long time."
m "Our mothers were, and still are, in a close business relationship."
m "His mom has a chain of potion shops all over the country."
y "Could it be {i}'The Crackling Cauldron'{/i} by any chance?"
o "Yes, high quality, home brewed potions, seems you've heard of it."
y "I sure have, my family buys healing potions there, since there's a shop right across the street from our house."
m "My mother is basically the face of their brand."
y "So... the {i}Fire Witch{/i}?"
m "You've heard of both our families then."
y "Obviously I know of one of the best potion brands and one of the best Hunters out there!"
y "Now I could even say it's an honor to meet you!"
They're both blushing while Tate rolls his eyes.
m "The pleasure's mine."
o "Y-yeah, what she said."
All this time, Tate's been watching us with murder in his eyes, looking at his imaginary wrist watch every so often.
t "This is all nice and all, but can we pleaaaase get a move on?"
y simple"Yeah, we should probably-"
m "Alright, fair point, just one moment, let me introduce you to the others, and before you start groaning, Tate, I promise, it will only take a minute, we're speedrunning this."
t "We'll see about that."
m "Come this way."
First, she guides me towards an eccentric raccoon girl named Chelsie, that talked a little too fast for my brain.
What I could gather from her fast tongue, was that she is an inventor, the Defender's vice leader and Dallan's best friend.
ch "Only 48.99, special price for a cutie like you, what do you say?"
And apparently I look like I could use the {i}'Shmongucular'{/i} she's selling, though Merina got her away from me before she could explain where exactly you have to insert that thing.
t "At least she didn't let Chelsie keep you here for half an hour like she usually does with first years."
Then came a small... Wolf? Fox? Badger?...
Person... named Haima, with a cursed arm and chilling gaze that were enough to let me know I should not mess with them.
ha "Stupid fucking tiger, ditching his duties again."
ha "Just wait until I put my hand on you."
They seem a little preoccupied.
They're the complete opposite of Chelsie, they don't get along with their vice and don't like to talk much.
m "And... those two should be it, I believe, you met everyone else, right?"
y "Yes, I think, except for the Summoner's leader."
m "Right, well, the good news is that we haven't either."
y simple"How so? Did they not arrive yet?"
m "They did... but we're assuming they must be shy, it's their first year both at the academy and as a leader."
o "Which is very unusual."
m "We'll let you know if we find any information on that."
y awkward"You don't need to go through the trouble to-"
A determined tug on my shirt is letting me know it's time to go.
For real this time.
y "The list, alright, I'm going."
m "See you later, [name]."
m "And good luck to you two."
o "G-goodbye."
t "Finally, I thought you'd never stop talking."
y bored"We talked for about four minutes."
t "That's four too many!"
Tate takes a broom resting by the door as we rush out.
t "Hop on."
y confused"Huh?"
He places the broom between his legs and to my surprise, it levitates as he takes his feet off the ground.
y "Wow!"
y bored"Who am I kidding, this isn't so surprising actually, considering where I am."
y s"Alright, I'm into it."
I take the hand he offers me and make myself comfortable.
t "How do you feel?"
y simple"Like I have a hard piece of wood pressed against my ass and balls."
t "So you're familiar with the feeling."
y bored"What's that supposed to mean?"
t "Hold on tight!"
Thankfully, we start moving at a steady pace, double the speed of walking, but not quite running.
I look down at the moving cracks between each tile on the floor.
y surprised"This is awesome..."
t "Huehuehue, just one of my many talents."
y s"So you can teleport and fly."
y "What else?"
t "Uhmmm..."
t "Hey, want me to play the tour guide for you?"
t "I have a great guide impression, watch."
y bored"So just the two talents..."
t "Ladies, gentlemen and twinks!"
y angry"Hey, I'm a gentleman!"
t "I didn't mention which one I thought you were yet."
un bored"Self reported..."
t "If you look to your left, you'll see doors, and to your right, windows."
y smug"Any more information about these doors and windows, oh mister guide?"
t "Certainly, anything for paying customers!"
y simple"I'm not paying."
t "Getting to gaze upon your lustrous fur is payment enough."
That was pretty smooth, I'll give him that.
t "The respective door on the left we're approaching in about fifteen feet was modeled in 1994,
by a local sculptor with Narnian origins, the main body is made of maple."
t"Hardwood harvested from the center of the tree, also known as heartwood, it is a deeper shade of brown with a slight reddish hue, while the frame was brilliantly thought out to be made with oak, for increased sturdiness."
All of that was said with a somewhat monotone, snobbish voice.
y simple"Wow, you sure know a lot about that specific door."
y "Was any of that true?"
t "Yep."
t "I know a lot about a lot of things around here, unfortunately, most of it is useless, just like what I just said."
t "These were my bedtime stories as a kid..."
t "I suppose I should be thankful I had bedtime stories at all."
t "At the time I actually enjoyed them."
t "Although, instead of architectural history, I would have loved to know more information about how to skin a lion..."
y awkward"Not a fan of the new Headmaster, huh?"
y simple"Maybe I should've asked this earlier, but what are you getting punished for anyway?"
t "Stupid reasons, completely unfair, I was set up!"
y "And what would that unfair reason be?"
t "Alright, so get this, I was minding my own business, getting ready to go on a little forest expedition."
t "For reasons I don't feel like disclosing."
t "When all of a sudden, the Headmaster comes by, out of nowhere, and tells me to guard a stupid door I've never seen before."
y "A door?"
t "Yeah, it was weird, since I know this place better than anyone, but I've never seen that door."
un squint"Hmmm..."
y awkward"Uhm, what did the door look like?"
t "It wasn't anything special, just a door, I wasn't allowed in, I was just told that I had to stay there until someone else came by and told me to leave."
t "To not let anyone in and to report if anyone passed by, but everyone was at the gathering, so it was dead quiet..."
y simple"And you left before that person came along?"
t "Yes, I had to!"
t "I promise I had a good reason."
y "When did this happen, exactly?"
t "A couple of minutes before you fell in my hole."
t "My magic alarm went off."
t "So I had to abandon both my post and my super important personal reasons for you."
t "So in a way, this is all your fault, and I'm the one helping you out of trouble!"
y bored"Really?"
t "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
t "I know, sounds too stupid to even joke about that."
un bored"Ok, I'm pretty sure he was guarding my door."
That's my theory too.
So the Headmaster knew about the door...
un curious"I wonder who was supposed to come along to relieve the cat from guarding."
t "Now you see how it was unfair?"
y simple"..."
y "Yes?"
t "You don't..."
y bored"I don't."
t "Aghh!"
t "The point was that I had no business guarding a dumb door at that time!"
t "It was just unfortunate timing, anyone could've been put in that position if they were around."
t "Instead, they had to make the one person who's too busy to guard a door do the job."
y simple"What were you busy with?"
t "That's... a secret."
t "Anyway, when I came back, the Headmaster was furious and the door wasn't there anymore."
t "I mean, how was I supposed to know someone was going to steal the whole room away?!"
t "To be fair, if he told me to guard it so the door wouldn't go anywhere, I would've left my post even faster."
t "And probably called the psychic ward..."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Was it his fault for getting in this mess?
→ You're innocent.
→ The punishment fits the crime.
--- END CHOICES ---

y s"..."
t "...."
y simple"......"
t "Hey... how long have we been wandering through the hallways?"
y "About twenty minutes..."
t "And how many people have we seen so far?"
y "..."
y bored"Zero."
t "Bend me over and fuck me sideways..."
y blush"What?"
y "Right now?"
t "Figure of speech."
y simple"oh."
y pf"What does it mean?"
t "It means {i}'I can't believe this crap'!{/i}"
t "Maybe he was right... maybe this is just futile..."
My mind goes back to the Headmaster's handsome, smug face.
For some reason, it was making me a little mad.
y determined"Oh no, he's not right."
y "Let's quicken the pace."
y "We're finding someone, no, everyone, and filling up that list!"
This is the perfect time to use one of my support abilities.
Speed boost.
Will it work on a broom?
Let's find out!
t "Woah, what's happening?"
t "I'm putting the same amount of magic into flying but we're going twice as fast!"
t "This would be so cool if I wasn't able to do that on my own!"
un bored"Love interest impressed semi-successfully."
Don't just stand there making sarcastic comments, do something to help!
un curious"What do you want me to do?"
I don't know, search the area and find traces of organic life then guide me to them?
Just a thought.
un eyeroll"Ughh, fiiiiine, I'll help you get your pussy out of detention."
un "You're lucky I'm good at spells like that, {size=20}and that is a pretty smart suggestion...{/size}"
un "Here, X-Ray vision to see all forms of life."
Eww, that's a lot of rats in the walls.
un bored"Those are insects, actually."
y scream"EWWWWWW!" with hpunch
t "Huh, what's wrong?"
y awkward"I-I mean, Yeeeey!"
y "This is really fun! Hey! Why don't we check that classroom at the end of the hall?"
y "I have a good feeling about that room in particular."
t "Ok?"
t "And people say I'm the weird one..."
I step off the broom and get to the door, realizing only now that I'm back on my feet that I'm tired...
Fatigued even.
My legs are shaking and I just can't catch my breath.
Why the hell did this happen?
un "You enchanted a magical object with a speed boost that's meant for people, dipshit."
un "You also made me cast a somewhat power hungry spell."
un "I was going to say something, but I thought maybe you have some special abilities under your sleeves."
Damn it...
I drag myself to the door and we enter the classroom I so randomly picked out.
Inside are five people playing a tabletop game around a large table.
They are all petrified in place by our sudden appearance.
A small dog with round glasses and high-waisted pants.
A ginger rabbit with a bowl cut.
A chubby fennec in suspenders.
A tall but sheepish looking goat.
And last but probably also least: a very awkward caracal.
Even with the lack of energy, the adrenaline still made me open up the door a little too fast and too hard, startling everyone in the room, including Tate.
t "..."
y tired"{i}*Heavy breathing*{/i}"
st1 "..."
st2 "..."
st4 "Hi?"
t "Hey."
y tired"h-ha...{i}*huff*{/i}"
st5 "..."
un "Seven people in a room now awkwardly stare at each other."
un "Everyone waiting for the initiator to explain why the two new arrivals are here."
un "...That's you, you're the initiator."
un ang"SO HURRY UP!"
st3 "Youuu... wanna play {b}Nuts & Nightfallen{/b} with us?"
t "What is this place?"
t "Are you like a club or something?"
st2 "huh?"
st2 "Oh, yeah, well, not really, we gather once a week and play N&N together."
st5 "It's usually on Sunday, but that test will ruin our plans, so we're doing it early."
t "What's 'Nuts & Nightfallen'?"
st4 "It's kinda like a high fantasy, action packed dating sim."
t "Sim?"
st5 "Simulator, it's an imagination game."
t "You're {i}'pretending'{/i} to go on dates?"
st1 "Super cool dates!"
st2 "I'll be married to a dragon this session if everything goes well!"
t "Wow..."
st4 "Isn't it cool?"
y "{i}*huff huff*{/i}"
ben "I'm Benjie, by the way."
Says the little dog.
goo "M' name's Goolie!"
Exclaims the fennec excitedly.
ap "Apollo...hi."
Za goat tells us.
cal "Uhmm, Cal...I-I'm Cal."
The feline spoke.
go "I'm Godwin the Third."
The rabbit says with a slight sickly rasp in his voice and sniffling his nose.
t "Cool name, do you not shorten it to anything?"
go "No."
t "Awesome."
t "Who named you?"
go "It's like, an homage to my great-grandfather that died in the war, or something."
go "I don't know, I never really cared for family drama."
t "Sick...I should take notes..."
t "You're all already friends on the first day?"
ap "We're High School friends."
ap "We all wanted to and managed to get into the academy, thankfully."
cal "Well...not Zibby."
ben "Yeah...RIP Zibby..."
t "I'm sorry for your loss."
ben "Oh no, he's not dead, he's just not into the whole sex concept of the job."
go "He wants to be a heart surgeon."
t "Ah, that type of guy."
go "His parents are kind of disappointed in him too."
goo "We've created a secret society among ourselves."
goo "We mostly just hang out and play games."
ben "We call ourselves the E.F.D."
t "E. F. D?"
ben "Ears For Days!"
They all do a synchronized head shake to show off their big, floppy ears.
t "That's actually kinda cute."
goo "Thank you!"
t "So... you're a bunch of weird nerds playing horny games?"
ap "Uhm, we prefer the word geeks."
un squint"Not the loser pronouns..."
go "We're looking for more members at the moment."
ben "Care to join?"
t "I always wanted to try N&N ever since I found out about it two minutes ago, but I don't have any nerd friends, so I don't know..."
goo "We have snacks."
y tired"{i}*huff huff*{/i}"
t "Well why didn't you say so? What kind?"
cal "Fips."
t "What the hell are those?"
t "Let me try."
ap "Fish flavored Chips."
t "Ew, what the fuck?"
t "Who... what...why... that's atrocious!"
goo "I like them..."
t "Whatever, tasteless nerds or not, you are first years, so I highly suggest you stop messing around and go explore the campus a little."
t "You can play games later."
un"This cat being the voice of reason?"
un"Incredible."
cal "B-but we can't leave now!"
go "Lord Bergamuhz just got resurrected!"
ap "If we don't stop him now, he will destroy the world!"
ben "If we don't defeat him I can't have a dragon husband!"
t "That does sound pretty serious..."
t "Well, we don't want to stand between you and the end of the world..."
t "Or laying with a dragon."
y tired"W-wait..."
y "{i}*huff*{/i}, sign... sign."
t "What?"
t "Sign?"
y "L-list, give them the list."
t "What li-"
t "Ooooh, strudels, I already forgot!"
Damn you and your high energy body.
The cat puts on a pair of sunglasses found on the strangers' table and all of a sudden, the whole atmosphere changes.
t "Aghem."
t "Listen here nerds!"
ap "Geeks."
t "We'll get to {i}'losers'{/i} if you say that again!"
t "First off."
t "I'd say it's nice to meet you all, but I don't want to get attached, since you're not going to last long this way."
They seem concerned, I mean, he did just tell them they'll die soon, so...
t "I'll have to be honest."
t "I've been sent by the higher ups to deliver you the bad news."
ap "The higher ups?"
go "The seniors?"
t "Sure, them."
cal "Well what is it?!"
goo "Do you think it's Monty?"
ben "I already gave him my lunch money."
cal "Me too..."
go "I think I forgot..."
ap "Damn it dude, we're gonna get water ballooned for this..."
goo "Sorry."
t "Shut up and listen up!"
t "Here's the thing."
t "You all look scrawny, pathetic and overall beaten up by life itself."
goo "Hey!"
ben "No no, he's right."
goo "oh..."
t "You have no fashion sense, consume the worst snack brands and you STINK of masturbation lotion!"
t "And not the good kind..."
t "On top of that, you are wasting a perfectly good day, one of the most exciting day of your lives mind you!"
T "You are all a bunch of disappointments, that are fated to die alone!"
y simple "Where is this going?"
un "I think he just wants to insult them."
They stand in silence for a second, looking stunned at the cat and his harsh words.
But instead of cries of protests, the guys in front of us shed actual tears.
I'm more surprised by their coordinated emotions than the actual outburst.
Not to mention thankful that the funky rock was cut by the sudden silence.
cal "HOW DOES HE KNOW?!" with hpunch
goo "THAT SUMS UP MY WHOLE LIFE!"
go "I JUST WANT A GIRLFRIEND!"
cal "DAMN YOU MONTY AND YOUR PERFECT SEX LIFE!"
ben "WHAT CAN WE DO, MISTER PURPLE CAT?!"
goo "I DON'T WANNA DIE ALONE!"
t "Do not fret, I was once just like you!"
go "Really?!"
goo "But you look so cool!"
goo "With those extravagant clothes and sunglasses."
t "HEY!" with hpunch
t "Do I look like a liar to you?!"
They exchange unsure glances through their previous tears of realization.
cal "no...?"
t "Exactly, so listen close."
The five guys lean in and listen carefully to the cat, who's spouting empty but attention catching words from start to finish....
t "Everything can change!"
t "And I'm here to do just that."
t "Now tell me, how many of you are first years, precisely?"
All of them, except the caracal, raise their hands.
He looks around like he had committed a crime as he notices the other's raised hands.
t "The boss lowers his sunglasses."
y bored"Are you talking to yourself now?"
t "He approaches the unsuspecting feline."
The others take a couple of steps back, leaving the poor caracal just inches away from the crazy cat.
t "With his... knitted sweater and nervous pose."
t "He still sees himself as a mighty predator, doesn't he?"
cal "N-no s-sir."
t "Then tell me, what year are you supposed to be in?"
cal "I-I... uhm, second year?"
cal "And part of the Defender's Shard..."
t "HA!"
t "I see..."
Tate holds the poor boy's chin and inspects his head on all sides, letting go a second after, unimpressed.
t "I'll come back to you..."
t "Now, how many of you possess magical abilities?"
All of them raise their hands, and the caracal relaxes for the moment.
t "Good."
t "And how many of you are members of the Sorcery Shard as of today?"
Nobody raises anything.
Tate slams the table with his hands, leaning in and scaring everyone again