
un simple"Oh, hi."
un "Are you talking to me?"
The little kid nods.
un "Interesting."
un bored"Perhaps you're right, but I'd rather find out from the source, not make up my own ending."
un sad"What you know can sometimes prove to be deceiving, you know?"
kid "The little cat was saved that night, and given a kind and generous family."
un bored"Ooor you could just tell me."
kid "He grew up to be blessed with magic, and loved by all, yet, misunderstood."
kid "He always thought the world was against him, when in reality, he was just a shelfish dum-dum."
un suspicious"Hey, language!"
kid "Heehee."
kid "He is now happy again, and I'm happy too, that is all that matters."
kid "He started off with nobody, and was given the world."
un simple"And that kid is you?"
kid "I don't know, I don't remember."
kid "It's what mister Sebil always told me."
kid "I have to go, my new playmate is coming over."
kid "He's a tiger like me! Rawr! I bet we'll be best friends!"
un bored"You're not a...never mind, you go, tiger."
The kid's image starts to fade, leaving behind the familiar darkness.
Except that this time, instead of winter cold, everything around is warm and...soft.
un sidee"I did not expect to interact with his dreams."
un "This was interesting."
un "..."
ra "How is he?"
ra "Will he be alright?"
eu "The scouts said they saw them both on a hill... and they're also quite sure, that they are now more than just friends."
eu "In other words, they're in perfect health."
ra "That's good to hear..."
eu "Can you believe we actually did it at last?"
eu "The Chief is no more."
eu "Finally, no more meaningless sacrifices, no more {i}'hunters hunting'{/i}... no more lost tribemates."
ra "..."
eu "What's wrong? I thought you'd be the happiest of them all."
eu "You dreamed of being Chief for so long."
ra "Yeah...but-"
eu "Ah, I get it, he was your father to the end, even if his mind wasn't fully there, I still remember my-"
ra "N-no no, I'm not emotional over him all of a sudden, not a chance."
ra "The whole time I was away from the tribe, you and our friends were the only ones I was thinking about."
ra "That is, whenever I wasn't plotting that old man's downfall."
ra "That new magic of his came in clutch, it was shocking to say the least, when he beat me in a duel by removing my own little magic I had, all those years ago."
ra "Then I just ran away like a cub... not knowing what to do next."
ra "Now..."
eu "It's [name], isn't it?"
eu "He's been on your mind."
ra "..."
eu "But the plan worked, there's nothing to be sad about, your brother saved him like you said he would."
eu "From the beginning, since we planted the wyvern egg for him to find, to the kidnapping to the convincing, everything worked out fine!"
eu "Because of you, our great leader."
ra "He escaped... barely."
eu "That's because [name] was a late addition to the plan."
ra "I was supposeed to be there and help them at the ceremony."
ra "Instead, I closed my eyes and covered my ears, pretending like nothing was happening."
ra "Now my brother must hate me... us... hate us all."
ra "It was a perfect plan until I almost blew it."
eu "But you didn't."
ra "Do you think he'd want to ever see my wretched face again?"
eu "I'm sure he'll forgive us one day."
eu "We're still alive, aren't we?"
eu "No hunters came for us, no scout reported any suspicious activity."
eu "It seems like beside a little bad blood between brothers... we won the hight end of the stick."
eu "So cheer up, Chief."
eu "We have a celebration to prepare."
eu "A {b}real{/b} celebration."
ra "..."
ra "You're right."
ra "As long as our tribemates accepted me and forgave my past, that is all that matters for now."
ra "I'll worry about everything else some other time."
ra "I'll have time for that, especially now that hunting and fishing are our biggest priority, instead of surviving."
eu "That's the spirit."
eu "Although...a small decision still awaits you before the troubles can go away."
ra "And what would that- oh"
ra "Right."
ra "They didn't take the wyvern back, as I was hoping."
eu "They knew it isn't a dragon pretty early on."
ra "As expected of my brother and his partner."
ra "I suppose the most fair thing to do is let his own kind decide his fate."
ra "Tell the lizard to take him far into the forest tomorrow morning."
ra "There he can do whatever he wants with it."
ra "We can't, unfortunately, just keep a wyvern among us, the most dangerous of the Savage Furs."
eu "Do you think he'll come back?"
ra "The lizard?"
ra "Why wouldn't he?"
ra "His life was already far better than the average Savage Fur when my father was in charge, now it will be paradise."
eu "Why is that?"
ra "Oh please, I know both you and Ruth have a soft spot for him."
eu "Wha- Well I- I don't- {size=20}wouldn't put it like that{/size}."
ra "Ha, it's quite alright, I know pity is a strong drug for kindhearted people."
ra "And you two are the kindest of them all."
eu "..."
eu "I'm glad you're here, Chief."
ra "It's good to breath free at last." with dissolve