The crisp, early Autumn night air hits my fur harder than usual, getting through to my skin.
For the first time, Tate picked up the speed without much regard for my comfort, which isn't too bad, since I already got used to flying, at least a little bit.
y simple"We sure are in a rush tonight, huh?"
t "Yep!"
y bored"Is there any point to me asking {i}'why'{/i}?"
t "It is if you wanna break awkward silence."
y "Will I even get a response?"
t "Nope, you'll see when we get there."
t "It's a surprise!"
y "Is it a good surprise, or a murder surprise?"
un ang"I TOLD YOU!"
t "I would never murder you!"
t "You're too cute!"
y pf"You get away with it this time, on behalf of the compliment."
One statement from him and the cold air no longer bothers me, in fact, one more and my blood will start boiling.
We make our way towards a deep part of the forest.
I look to the side, seeing the old train tracks in the distance, but we're not going there this time.
Instead, this part of the forest is more dense, with taller trees and is just overall wilder looking.
The occasional clearings are the only reference points I can find.
y s"By the way, did you get your room number by any chance?"
t "Yeah, I went into Oliver's room before coming to yours, and made him tell me."
y simple"Wasn't he asleep?"
t "Yeah, so?"
t "It's easiest to get what I want from him when he's half naked at 1 AM."
un "Psycho behavior right there."
pass
Tate lands on a narrow path between trees and bushes.
He grabs my hand and guides me hastily through the undergrowth.
Mind you, it's the middle of the God damn night!
y bored"Tate, if I hit a spider web, or some small creature falls on me, be sure I will burn this forest to the ground with you in it."
t "Relax Cinderella, it's bright enough out to see where you're going."
t"Plus, it will all be worth it."
y pf"Highly doubt it."
After some time, then we come face to face with a wall of vines, through which Tate, like always, bursts through carrying me with him.
We are now standing in a bright blue clearing, painted by the moonlight and accentuated by the white daisies growing all over.
A large tent-like structure stands between some lone trees.
It looks like an amalgamation between multiple, smaller tents and other materials.
t "Do you like my man hole?"
y surprised"You made it?"
y bored"Also, never call it that again."
t "Why? I thought {i}Hole Guy{/i} would love my {i}Man Hole{/i}."
t "Huehuehue."
y "ha-ha."
t "Yes, I made it from scratch, my hideaway in the middle of the forest."
t "And it's not without purpose."
t "Come, I'll show you something."
We enter the strange tent, bright, warm lights coming alive as Tate sets foot inside.
y surprised"It's even more spacious from the inside."
y "It must've taken you a while to make all of this."
t "I actually got a bit of help from Therium, his summoned Nightfallen were a BIG help in cleaning this place of debris and cutting some trees for me."
y"He didn't seem like the type to go explore the forest for no reason, but maybe I'm wrong."
t"Shhh."
t "Now look."
He gestures for me to be quiet as we both make our way to the bed, where a pile of blankets and old clothes stood undisturbed.
un bored"He needs you to do his laundry, that's why you're here."
Better than your murder theory.
Tate slowly takes off the fabrics one by one, revealing hay straws underneath, on top of which stood a large, patterned egg.
y surprised"Holy cow, that is a BIG egg..."
y "Is it real?"
t "Uh-huh."
t "I can feel it moving inside sometimes."
un suspicious"Hmmm..."
y simple"What animal makes eggs that large?"
t "I did some research."
He reaches into a wooden cabinet made of sturdy sticks, where a stash of books were neatly stacked.
He opens up a bird encyclopedia that has multiple marked pages.
t "First I was thinking simple, an ostrich, perhaps?"
y "Those are pretty big."
t "But not big enough!"
t "And not the right shape, or color."
t "Then I thought it might be a roc."
y "A roc would be alarming, considering they can easily prey on people when they're adults."
t "Yeah, those don't appear around here, and even if it did, again, the eggs don't match."
t "So none of these were right, I thought it might be a special case, like an egg laying mammal or something."
y "Could be it."
t "But this other book only has like three species of egg laying mammals, and they're all small."
t "So I was a bit stuck here..."
un sidee"Oh no..."
t "Until I found my answer."
un surprised"Could it be..."
He takes out a large red book, flips through the pages to a specific place, then quickly flips it around to show me.
tun surprised "{b}A dragon!{/b}"
y surprised"A dragon?!"
y "How are you so sure?"
And how are YOU so sure, Scribbles?
un simple"It emanates a lot of magic for a simple egg, the shell color matches the description of ancient dragon eggs and the size as well."
t "Because I had a dream about it."
un bored"Sure, or that, that makes way more sense than what I just said."
y "B-but it's impossible, dragons don't exist anymore."
t "Well I never found its mother; perhaps she was the last dragon, then had to abandon her baby in the woods?"
t "I don't know, {i}'how's'{/i} and {i}'why's'{/i} find a way to be a problem, always."
Scribbles, what's your opinion?
un simple"Honestly?"
un bored"I have no idea, I never met a dragon, personally."
un "Demons always stood out of dragons' ways, since they're not to be messed with."
un "And how did this egg get here?"
un "Once again, no clue."
I'm so glad I decided to share my body with an ancient demon, he is so useful and helpful!
un suspicious"Shove that sarcasm up your ass."
y simple"Well, maybe you don't know much about the egg, but can you answer this one question for me?"
t "What's that?"
y pf"Whyyyyyy at two in the morning?"
t "Oh, right, I forgot to explain."
t "It's because I kind of wanted you to be here, since it's hatching."
y surprised"WHAT?!"
y "Like, right now?"
t "Not this very moment, but the baby's stirring way more than usual."
t "I have a feeling it will happen tonight."
Looking at the egg, I notice it shaking ever so often, barely noticeable.
y simple"You're right, so we just wait until it hatches?"
Tate climbs on the bed, caressing the egg's shell while beckoning me to join him.
t "Pretty much."
t "You don't mind a sleepover party, do you?"
y ec"Not at all."
I take my shoes and tie off before climbing in.
Although it's a bed made mainly from tree trunks, branches and hay, serving as a mattress, it is surprisingly comfortable and bouncy.
The comfort is further enhanced by the numerous pillows and stuffed animals lying around.
All kept in good condition.
We spend some time talking about different possibilities, since it being a dragon is not yet confirmed, not even by Scribbles.
t "I hope it's a boy."
t "I won't be able to teach her any girl stuff if it's a {i}'she'{/i}."
y "What kind of {i}'girl stuff'{/i} would you teach a dragon?"
t "I don't know."
t "{i}'How to kill prey without ruining your claws'{/i}?"
t "{i}'How to catwalk'?{/i}"
t "Actually, I'm pretty good at that one."
y smug"I don't doubt it, for some reason."
We lay there awake, Tate shut the lights off long ago.
We watch the egg, watch each other, watch the shadows casted on the tent's walls by the swinging branches outside.
Watch the cat's eyes begin to close.
And finally watch... nothing.
My heavy eyelids refuse to blink again, and I begin to drift back to sleep.
Not even the excitement of a major discovery can keep two young men from lazing in bed.
...
un "..."
un curious"Winter again?"
un sidee"I don't think he's cold, that cat made sure the tent was at a pretty high temperature for the egg."
un "Oh well, let's continue."
un bored"Maybe it has more content this time."
un "Where were we?"
un simple"Oh yeah, the small cloaked figure, fighting against the cruel mother nature, although at the foot of civilization, nobody is around to help him."
un "From his point of view, faint lights can be seen in the distance, but they are in vain, as he collapses from exhaustion, unable to take another step."
un simple"It appears his fate is to die in the town's arm's reach, houses with bright lights in the windows just feet away unable to be helped, not because of heartlessness, but obliviousness."
un bored"And so, he collapses."
un simple"Oh, wait, there's something...someone else?"
un simple"A pair of white bunny ears, barely taller than the collapsing child."
un "Where did you come from, mysterious stranger?"
un "And what role do you play here?"
un "Friend, foe?"
un bored"Aaaand that's it."
un "We're back to black."
un "Of course."
un "I wonder if the mortal will say anything about the dream this time."
un "I'm not sure he remembers these things when he wakes up."
un "But I won't bother bring them up because I don't care enough to do so."
...
un "Still a better love story than {i}Twilight...{/i}"
...
The blackness surrounding me turns into deep crimson, bright light hitting my eyelids from a crack in the tent's walls.
Multiple of them, actually, beams of warm light hit various parts of my body, leaving a soothing sensation.
My eyes open to meet the calm, lightly snoring face of a cat.
Did... did I sleep in Tate's bed?
Wait, what happen-
Hmm...why am I cold, it's supposed to be warm in here?
un bored"Does {i}'snow'{/i} push any buttons?"
Huh?
un "Nevermind."
un "Guess that dream was just for me."
Ok?
Oh!
The egg!
The sleep is flung out of me as I remember the climax of yesterday's night.
I look at the nest that still holds the egg, a bit more crooked than when we left it.
It must've moved with its little shakes the baby does inside.
I check my phone, and since it's almost 8 AM, I decide to wake Tate up.
Little did I know, time was not the only reason the cat needed to be woken up...
y surprised"Tate, hey."
y "Hey, Tate!"
t "On-mr-mnt-pls..."
y angry"Tate, wake up!"
y surprised"The egg! Tate!"
t "{i}*snoooore*{/i}"
y bored"Naked twinks in your area."
t "WHERE?!" with hpunch
t "Oh, it's you... you're not naked."
t "Hold on!"
t "The egg!"
t "It didn't hatch yet, did it?"
y simple"That's what I wanted to direct you at..."
y "It didn't, but it is moving way more than yesterday."
As if per command, light taps can be heard from the egg's direction, and Tate's tail shoots up.
t "IT'S HAPPENING!"
t "IT'S HAPPENING, EVERYBODY STAY CALM!"
y "I'm pretty cal-"
t "STAY FUCKING CALM!"
t "WE NEED TO TAKE IT OUTSIDE!"
y surprised"Why? What's wrong with the nest?"
t "I READ THAT DRAGONS NEED TO BE HATCHED UNDER THE OPEN SKY, I DON'T KNOW, DRAGON BUSINESS, NO MORE QUESTIONS!"
He picks up the egg both gently and hastily, while I hold the curtain open for him.
t "Told you it was a good idea to get you at night!"
t "You would've missed this!"
y "No kidding, I would not have had time to come all the way over here, unless I was teleported."
He sits down in the golden morning grass, and beckons me over.
I take a seat in front of him, and help hold the egg with both of my hands.
Dropping it would be an absolute disaster.
We hold our breaths, as more and more sounds can be heard from inside.
Tate's eyes are getting larger with each sound and movement.
I have to be honest, I'm very curious to see what this really is.
If it's a dragon...
Even Scribbles seems to be waiting patiently, since I don't feel his presence as much as usual.
Agonizing moment after moment goes by, when-
{i}*Crack*{/i}
The cat's smirk becomes an open smile, his emotions hardly contained.
Thankfully, he manages to not shake the egg too much with some self control.
Another crack, then another.
Different emotions surge through me as I contemplate on the birth of a possible dragon.
Then... a chirp.
The sides of the eggshell start to fall, until only a small top part remains, covering the creature's head.
Seeing Tate frozen in thought, and the creature's struggle to take the eggshell off, I decide to help a bit.
Underneath it, we find...
An actual living, breathing dragon?
Blue-violet, shimmering scales cover its whole body with tiny wings attached to its back, too small and pathetic to even be spread properly.
Our previously curious faces turn to {i}'aww'{/i} ones, as the little dragon opens his eyes to look at both of us in turn, then chirping happily.
t "Hi there, little guy."
t "I'm your papa."
t "Can you say {i}'pa-pa'{/i}?"
baby "rawr."
y pf"Preeetty sure it can't..."
t "[name], [name] I think I'm gonna cry."
y ec"Can't blame you, you made a new friend today, and what a friend..."
t "He's perfect."
He dares touch his snout for the first time, as the dragon doesn't protest, he goes in for a pat on the head.
y s"So this is the reason why you kept teleporting away when we were hanging out."
y "You were checking on the egg."
t "Yes, I was sooo stressed out over leaving him for more than twenty minutes."
t "He was hidden, but the magic might've attracted Nightfallen... somehow he remained safe."
t "My magic traps alerted me sometimes throughout the day, but when I got here everything was fine."
y "I'm glad!"
pass
y s"So what now?"
y "How far ahead did you plan this?"
t "This is kind of it."
y simple"..."
y "W-what do you mean?"
t "I didn't ACTUALLY think I was good enough to hatch an egg... so I didn't have high hopes for it, despite how confident or excited I might've looked."
y "Then what are we going to do?"
y "We aren't going to tell anyone, right?"
t "God no!"
t "They would absolutely take him away from me..."
t "I don't want to lose my friend..."
t "You {b}have{/b} to promise you'll keep this a secret."
y surprised"Of course!"
y "This is a big deal."
y s"We could try to hide him in your dorm, or mine, they shouldn't-"
He shakes his head slowly.
t "I tried that, when he was still in the egg."
t "I was not just keeping him in the middle of the forest because I felt like it."
t "He just wouldn't go through the barrier."
t "Thought he's done for when the barrier spat him back out, and fell on the grass floor."
t "Thus why I didn't think he'd survive."
y simple"Can you teleport with him inside?"
t "No... I already tried that with other Nightfallen years ago."
y pf"Why would you ever attempt that?"
t "For science!"
t "Maybe we can get someone to look after him while I'm not available?"
t "Merina? Dallan? Aiden? Oliver? Chelsie?"
y simple"Tate, they're all leaders or vice leaders, I don't think they have the time..."
t "In that case, Plan B!"
t "I'll just hide him well enough so nobody finds him."
t "You'll behave for papa, won't you little dragonet?"
He places him on the ground, legs still shaky as he struggles to stand on all fours.
It takes him a minute, but he gets the hang of it.
He looks back at his {i}'papa'{/i} with adoring eyes.
And instantly books it away from him.
t "HEY!"
I manage to jump in its way before it gains too much distance.
y "You're a fast one for someone so young, {i}'dragonet'{/i}."
t "Bad dragon!"
un "Ugh, tell him to stop calling him that..."
Scribbles!
Finally, you're here.
What are your comments?
What do you think of a dragon in the modern age?
un "Yeah, it's not a dragon."
WHAT?!
But you said-
un "I wasn't sure, since dragon eggs look and feel basically the same as wyvern eggs."
Wyvern?
Then what's the difference?
un "The difference is that wyverns are way smaller, that's why this cub fits in his eggshell like it's a small apartment."
un "Plus they're dumber, and non-magical."
un "The egg itself contains more magic than the cub would ever obtain."
un "In short, it's a wild animal, nothing more."
un "Cute as a baby, vicious as an adult."
Should I bring the news to Tate?
un "Sure, then he can help you kill it and-"
WOAH WOAH WOAH!
un curious"What?"
We are NOT killing a baby, even if it's not a dragon, this is Tate's friend.
un "In about four years the cat will be its dinner."
un bored"You are being unreasonable."
YOU are being heartless.
un suspicious"Then what do you propose?"
un "Teach him calculus and send him to college?"
un eyeroll"No wait, what am I even saying?"
un eyeroll"There is an academy right here in town, he can go there."
This is serious, stop your comedy.
un "Yes, I know it's serious, that's why I think you should shove a dagger down its throat."
Gross.
Don't ever mention this again...
And I can feel those eye rolls, mister.
Well, here goes nothing.
y simple"Hey, Tate?"
y "I have... news, not sure if they're good or bad, but they're realistic."
t "Bleh, realism, worst thing ever created by the gods."
t "I'd rather live in blissful ignorance."
y "I..."
y pf"I'm not sure what-"
t "Just tell me the news."
y simple"I don't think he's a dragon."
y "Or a {i}'he'{/i}."
t "Oh, he's a {i}'he'{/i}, for sure, cuz he's being a {b}dick{/b} already!"
y "What about the dragon part?"
t "What about it?"
y bored"He's NOT a dragon."
t "Are you a dragon expert?"
y simple"No, but I know a thing or two about them."
t "Oh really, then what is he, an oversized lizard?"
y "No, he might be a wyvern."
t "{i}'Might'{/i}?"
t "Very convincing."
y "I mean, all the clues point to it."
y "He's way smaller than his eggshell."
y "And wyverns are less intelligent, as well as magic-less, compared to dragons."
t "So... you're calling my friend scrawny and pathetic-"
y worried"Tate, that's not-"
t "You're calling him stupid-"
y "Not that way, just-"
t "AND, how would you know how magical he is?"
t "You never mentioned you had some kind of magic sensing abilities."
y "Isn't it odd that no Nightfallen found him?"
y "If he were a dragon, he'd ooze with magic."
t "Why would it even matter what he is?"
t "I love him anyway."
y "Wyverns are notoriously known for being untrainable and unpredictable once they grow up."
y "I'm just looking out for you."
t "Thanks, but no thanks."
t "I have parents for that, remember?"
t "Your theories sound interesting, but not too plausible."
t "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to discipline my son."
Welp, safe to say he was not too impressed with my knowledge.
t "You little rascal, stop squirming, you can't just run off like that."
The cub looks at Tate with big glossy eyes, getting ready to scream.
t "Oh, he must be hungry already, I'm not sure when dragons-"
y simple"Wyverns."
t "-are supposed to be fed."
t "Time to take out the reserves."
He unexpectedly starts to dig at the base of the tree we've been standing under.
Inches from the surface, he fishes out a bag, full of different kinds of food, wrapped in leaves.
t "I prepared these to feed whatever comes out of the egg."
t "Wasn't sure if it was going to be a carnivore or herbivore or both."
t "But since he's a dragon-"
y simple"Wyvern."
t "-I'm assuming he'll want meat, but maybe some carrots as well?"
t "Here, hold these for a second."
He hands me the leaf wrap with the rest of the food.
He dangles vegetables in front of the wyvern; a bell pepper, carrots, cucumbers, but he wrinkles his nose, until he gets a whiff of something much better.
So he lunges at me, or more so at the leaf pack.
But my finger becomes collateral damage as he does so.
y worried"Ouch!" with hpunch
y "He bit me."
I drop the meat that gets devoured in seconds by the savage baby.
t "Damn it."
Tate brings out a small bandage and fixes it around my finger.
t "Sorry, sorry, I really thought I raised him better..."
t "In his defense, he was just born."
t "Ungrateful child!"
t "Is that how you treat your mother?!"
y confused"Mother?"
y "Are you referring to me?"
t "Who else?"
y "Why aren't I the father?"
t "You give off stronger woman vibes than me."
y bored"Hard disagree."
un "Hard agree."
y "Doesn't matter, I don't want to be his parent."
Tate covers the baby's ears.
t "How DARE you?!"
t "First you call him a {i}'wyvern'{/i} to his face, and now this?"
t "Why can't you just accept him the way he is?!"
The wyvern doesn't care, he got his food, so our words are meaningless to him.
t "I bet you want him dead already, don't you?"
un bored"Yes."
y surprised"What?"
y "No, I'm just worried about what we'll do with him!"
As we continue to argue like a middle-aged married couple, our small friend found a hobby already.
And that is throwing dirt at his supposed parents.
An empty belly makes him act up as well, but in a different way.
t "Furthermore, rest assured I'll be waiting for that child supp- Ow!"
y simple"What is he doing?"
t "Why are you throwing dirt, little man?"
He's digging vigorously with his tiny claws.
un "I think he's making a nest, wyverns prefer cold and humid places."
We watch him dig for about twenty minutes, at an alarming speed for someone born less than an hour ago.
He got deep enough that Tate's hand can't even reach the bottom of the small cavern.
y "Well, I suppose that's what we'll do, we'll let him follow his instincts and leave him alone for now."
t "Do you think he'll be ok alone?"
Looking inside with my phone's flashlight, I can see him coiled up and asleep.
y bored"Yep."
y "Pretty sure he doesn't care about us, at least as long as it has a full belly."
t "I'm gonna have to bring him more food..."
y s"Good thing you can teleport."
y "See, it's not too bad!"
y "He can take care of himself, no matter the species."
t "You..."
t"Yes, you're right!"
t "Speaking of dragon food-"
y simple"Wyvern."
t "Let's go get breakfast!"
y ec"I'm starving!"
Or so I wanted to say, when a loud stomach growl cuts me off.
t "Sorry, guess I'm even more ravenous."
y simple"Did you not have dinner yesterday?"
t "I couldn't really eat."
t "Your double betrayal left a bitter taste in my mouth."
y sad"I'm sorry."
y "I didn't think it bothered you so much."
y simple"Although, to be fair, I am allowed to choose who I'm spending my time with, aren't I?"
t "You can... I just thought we... never mind."
t "Let's go."
pass
Before we get on the broom, Tate places all the books in a bag, except for the one about dragons, and takes them with him.
t "I'll need to return these to the library."
y "Look who's being a responsible member of society."
t "I do {b}not{/b} want another late fee, apparently they stack."
We missed most of the sunrise dealing with that wyvern, but, apparently, that's not enough for the creature's {i}'papa'{/i} as he continues to worry.
This cat is visibly anxious.
y pf"Tate, your leg bouncing makes the whole broom vibrate."
y "I don't think I need to explain why that's a bad idea."
t "I can't help it, I know he's technically pretty safe."
y simple"But it's not a guarantee, I know."
t "I-I just need to get my mind off him for now."
t "Overthinking and overreacting will not get me anywhere."
t "That's what mister Sebil always said."
He pretends to hit the broom's behind like a horse, to make it go faster before picking up the speed with magic.
But he hits me instead.
y simple"ow."
t "Oops, totally did that by accident, did not mean to touch your ass so roughly."
y smug"As long as it's getting your mind off of him, you can touch me as much as you want."
t "Off of whom?"
He asks while leaning with both hands on my thighs, and stirring the broom with his legs alone.
y ec"Perfect."
I wrap my arms over his shoulders as he looks up at me, purring.
I'm glad I have this calming effect on him.
Surprisingly, lewd thoughts only cross my mind {i}slightly{/i}
y surprised"Hey, are those Aiden and Dallan signaling to us?"
t "Oooh, free breakfast awaits!"
Our feet touch the ground and Dallan's tail starts wagging like crazy, while Aiden approaches casually.
d "Good morning, [name], hey Tate!"
t "Hewo!"
y s"Hi guys!"
a "You're up early."
t "Things happened this morning, we were a little busy."
d "What did you think of your first night at the academy, [name]?"
d "And I believe it was your first night in a dorm by yourself too, Tate."
t "Yep, but I didn't stay in my dorm, my tent is more awesome."
a "Fleas are pretty cool, I admit."
t "My tent is cleaner and safer than your alcoholic burrow of an apartment."
a "You come in uninvited while I'm drunk ONE TIME!"
a "It was Chelsie's idea anyway..."
Dallan chuckles awkwardly trying to change the subject.
d "A nature escapade, huh?"
d "I miss camping with my brothers."
d "Sounds like fun, did you have a campfire as well?"
d "Now I'm craving some s'mores..."
y "No, we didn't do anything fun, except sleep."
t "Come ooon now [name], don't be modest."
t "You can tell them."
a "Tell us what?"
y simple"I thought you didn't want to say anything to anyone about it."
t "Maybe a little tease won't hurt."
a "Are you gonna tell us or shut up already?"
t "Why so curious, Aiden?"
t "If you must know-"
t "You could say me and [name] had a baby last night."
t "That's all you need to know."
Tate makes a step behind me, hiding from the tiger that looked like he was going to murder him.
a "WHAT?!"
Dallan's tail stops wagging and his face gets red.
But nobody is more embarrassed than me.
un bored"I mean, it's TECHNICALLY the truth."
a "DID YOU JUST DRAG HIM INTO THE WOODS TO DO WHATEVER YOU-"
y blush2"No no no no, you don't understand!"
y awkward"By baby he means-"
t "AAAAAAAAHHH SHUT UP!"
t "Don't tell them!"
d "So... did you or did you not..."
y awkward"Nope, we did not, Tate was just joking."
He calms down with a breath of relief.
a "Right... a joke, of course."
a "You don't seem like the type to do stuff like that on the first day anyway."
a "At least not in the woods with a perverted short cat."
y simple"Thanks?"
un "He has no idea..."
un "Maybe not in the woods, but a random classroom sucking on a juicy meat lollipop for sure."
pass
t "Joke?"
t "I was being pretty ser-"
Activate defensive maneuvers!
y ec"Dallan, are you hungry?"
d "So hungry."
d "I stayed up late to finish some paperwork, so my stomach is emptier than usual."
d "I feel like collapsing at any moment..."
y "You should've said so earlier, to the cafeteria!"
d "I'm sorry, unfortunately I can't go with you right now..."
y simple"Why not?"
d "I have to take Tate to detention."
d "Because of course he got in trouble before classes even started..."
a "Uhm, I think you're forgetting something."
t "I got out of detention!"
t "Because [name] helped me complete the list!"
d "Ohh, I forgot."
a "PTSD of his detention watching must be hitting you pretty hard to forget something like that."
d "It was horrible every time..."
t "Detention-shmention, can someone take me to some omelets now?"
a "I'm not paying this time."
t "It's so cute you think that."
a "Grrr..."
Tate is so close to stepping on the tiger's tail.
Getting closer, we start hearing distant chattering as well as the relaxing guitar playlist that always plays inside.
I walk inside the cafeteria with three hot, hungry men at my side, and today, there are no empty seats...
y simple"Bummer."
y "I guess everyone is hungry in the morning."
t "I am not carrying my food all the way to the park, even if it's such a nice day."
d "I won't survive five more feet without food."
a "I got this."
He walks towards a table for six, every seat taken by a group of friends, talking and laughing.
Their food half finished.
a "I'll give you each twenty dollars to fuck off."
They look at each other for a second and unanimously agree this is a great deal, since breakfast is not covered by the lunch and dinner card we're offered, this will feed them at least a couple of days.
They gather up their things, leftovers, rubbish and swipe the table in less than a minute, then one by one take their hard earned cash from Aiden.
a "Empty table acquired."
y ec"Nice!"
d "Thank goodness."
t "Rich bitch privileges."
t "Gotta love capitalism."
t "psst."
Tate whispers in my ear as we place our stuff on the seats.
t "By the way, I know what you're thinking."
t "Don't offer to pay him back, he gets real mad about it."
y simple"Why?"
t "I think he's offended that you think he needs the money."
t "Or because he can't express his emotions and turns them to anger."
t "I have this feeling he feels good buying me food, even if he says otherwise, so I pretend I'm the one who wants him to do so most of the time."
t "He might also offer you pay him back with sex."
t "So just don't."
y "N-noted."
d "Tate, leave your broom on the seats, so people know the table is occupied."
t "Oki doki."
y "Is it right to occupy a table like that?"
a "Yes, it's what everyone does, how else are you supposed to order your food? It doesn't have table service, and if you have no friends to watch the table, everyone has to respect the reserved seats unless more than ten minutes pass."
t "It's a whole system."
We go up to the counter and grab some trays.
Thankfully, although the tables are occupied, the line is not too bad.
My turn comes and I decide on...

--- CHOICES ---
→ Hmmm, what do I want, I have to remember I'll need to pay for everything I get, unless someone offers to pay, but I won't beg if that doesn't happen.
→ Cereal with milk.
→ I decide to get a bowl of cereal.
→ It's what I usually eat at home, so a taste of home is not so bad.
→ The bowl they come in is full, but it has a safety cap so it doesn't spill.
→ Cereal with no milk.
→ I decide to get a small bowl of granola.
→ It comes with some yogurt on the side, because what psychopath would order plain cereal? Haha...
→ ...
→ I like the crunch, ok?
→ Cereal with no cereal.
→ I decide to start off the day with a warm glass of milk.
→ Not much of a coffee drinker, tea is more enjoyable in the afternoon and juice has waaaay too much sugar.
→ You're so funny Scribbles.
→ Cereal with no milk and no cereal.
→ I decide to grab a bowl for now, in case I need to fill it up with anything later.
→ Down the line, I see that basically all the food is placed in bowls by the servers themselves, so I awkwardly put mine back...
→ This is harassment.
→ I will be seeking financial compensation...
--- END CHOICES ---


--- CHOICES ---
→ What else should I get?
→ Scrambled eggs and bacon.
→ I should probably not get another one of these.
→ Next I want some simple yet delicious scrambled eggs and bacon.
→ I'm predicting that today will be a bit more action heavy than the first day. So some protein and fat will give me lots of energy.
→ The portion is quite big, not surprising, considering how much physical activity students do at the academy.
→ Shakshuka and toast.
→ I should probably not get another one of these.
→ I'm thinking about getting a little exotic, and ordering today's special, shakshuka and toast.
→ I love tomatoes, I love eggs and I love toast, this can not be a bad idea in any way.
→ The serving itself is very generous, but I'm hungry enough that I should have no problem finishing it.
→ Fruit.
→ I should probably not get another one of these.
→ Something light but filling is what I need right now.
→ I throw half a papaya, some clementines, a banana and apple slices onto my plate, all this for one buck!
→ Talk about a great deal.
→ Cream cheese bagel.