
st "You must be the one that found Ki'vaathi."
y confused"Ki- what?"
st "The dragon."
t "SO HE IS A DRAGON!"
y pf"Too loud."
st "Why of course, what else could he be?"
He bows again.
st "We are very thankful for the care you provided and your collaboration."
t "You LITERALLY stole him from me!"
t "You kidnapped him!"
t "Why?"
st "Ki'vaathi is very important for our tribe, you see."
st "We worship the dragons."
st "Anything other than complete luxury is a sin."
st "We wanted to provide that for him."
st "I'm glad you had the same instincts of protecting him, despite your friend's denial of his nature."
He glances at me.
st "After all, it's in our blood, brother."
y confused"Brother?"
t "Oh no, I'm not falling for this one again."
t "We're here to take my friend home, and that's what we'll do."
He appears panicked.
st "Please understand that we can not allow you to do that."
st "The next time our parties go searching for him, I won't be able to convince them not to be violent."
y angry"Why couldn't you just try to negotiate?"
st "Do you believe that would have worked?"
t "..."
t "No."
st "We have been expecting your arrival, so that we can explain the situation better."
st "We do not wish to be enemies, but we do want Ki'vaathi to be safe, and fulfill his destiny."
y "What... destiny?"
st "If you wish, we can talk more inside, my father, our Chief, would be happy to see you, both of you."
t "Is it safe to just walk in?"
st "Yes, after all, we made sure our guards and scouts know about you."
st "Otherwise you would've gotten an arrow in the knees and dragged in the camp by force for questioning long ago."
Y simple"Not a fan of that imagery."
t "Lead the way then."
y worried"W-wait we're actually going in?"
t "He proved a point, we're not in any danger here."
t "And I want to see my friend closer."
st "Wonderful, follow me then."
He walks along the fence, looking back and waiting for us with a smile and nods of encouragement.
We look at each other and follow.
st "I realize I didn't introduce myself yet."
ra "My name is Ragnar, future Chief of the Nightgale tribe."
ra "You can also call me by my adventurer's name, Bob."
y simple"Totally different sounding names."
t "Why two of them?"
y bored"And why Bob...?"
ra "Names are precious to us, they are given only after finding our calling or individuality within our tribe."
ra "Since I was away from my tribe before I got my name, I had to use a replacement."
ra "Your kind doesn't take {i}'I haven't deserved my name yet'{/i} as a serious answer, so a very nice gentleman picked this one for me."
ra "So what about you two?"
y s"My name is [name]."
ra "Pleased to meet you, [name]."
ra "And you? The one with the persistent frown?"
ra "Let me guess, Athan?"
t "What makes you guess that?"
ra "As far as the history of your kind goes, that is a name that is associated with {i}'fury'{/i}, and I thought your continuous anger might be part of you enough to get you that name."
t "We don't choose names based on personality traits."
t "Maybe I appear angry because I'm being guided by my friend's kidnapper, towards the entrance of the camp full of my friend's kidnappers."
t "Did you consider that in your naming philosophy?"
ra "I... have not."
ra "I'm sorry, may I ask your real name, in that case?"
t "I'd rather keep that one for myself for now."
ra "I understand, you must value names as much as we do."
t "..."
t "I guess."
y pf"Why Bob though?"
ra "Here we are."
Two people, or... Nightfallen, stand atop two low towers on either side of the main gate, and give a signal for it to open as soon as they spot Ragnar.
As we step inside, I notice that this whole part of the camp is... very welcoming looking.
The tall fence is only visible behind me, and the rest is obscured either by trees, huts, or is simply too far away to see, giving the whole place a very open vibe.
Additionally, the other Nightfallen here either pay us no mind, as if they knew we'll come by, or even approach us happily.
They exchange some words with Ragnar, before extending their hands for a shake, which we both accept out of politeness.
Although hand shakes are not the only way they greet, apparently.
t "Hey, HEY!"
t "Get your paw off my ass you perv, NO STOP!"
t "BOB, TELL YOUR CHILD STEALING WEIRDOS TO GET AWAY!"
ra "Zinvok, halgulda!"
st "Ah, tula... meghima."
ra "Forgive us."
ra "I thought I told them to keep our usual traditions out of your way, but SOME didn't get the memo."
He squints his eyes at the handsy Nightfallen, which moves back, chuckling awkwardly.
t "Yeah, ok, can I see my friend now?"
ra "Ki'vaathi is right this way."
Not much guidance is needed, since the flowery pillar was always in sight, we just want to keep close to Ragnar.
For safety reasons at first, but now, I'm just enjoying the view.
I never knew just how mesmerizing spots can be, and those hip and shoulder movements, paired with the tail swings, contoured muscles and big smile...
I should try to snap out of it before I drool.
To be fair, I am in a camp full of sexy monsters that resemble people the most out of any species of Nightfallen out there, so can you blame my lust?
ra "Here he is."
ra "Don't get too close now, waking him up would be a big mistake."
t "Yes, I know, unlike the smartass you sent to get him yesterday."
ra "If it makes you feel better, he lost two fingers in the process."
t "It does, just a little bit."
He gets about ten feet away from the little tent where the wyvern, or dragon, is sleeping, then sits down crisscrossed, watching attentively, not making a sound or movement.
ra "I think he'll be at it for a while."
y simple"Can you blame him?"
He gestures for me to follow him, a little way off, and I do just that.
I presume it's just so we don't talk about him right in his ear's reach.
ra "I do feel bad about our approach, I really do."
ra "But it's one of the things I just had to agree with my father about."
ra "That your town's people like Nightfallen even less than the towns I've been in."
ra "So we couldn't just knock on your door and ask for our deity back."
y simple"How did it end up randomly in the woods anyway?"
ra "Beats me, the egg was never in our possession, so I can't tell."
ra "My father had a premonition about him, so he sent in scouts to retrieve him."
y confused"What kind of {i}'destiny'{/i} were you talking about earlier?"
ra "It is said that each tribe of the Night will be led someday by a powerful dragon, that will make our lives easier and help us defeat any enemy threatening us."
ra "At least that's what the Chief says."
ra "He's been obsessed with the idea of protecting the tribe through whatever means necessary."
y "You do know that dragons went extinct long ago, right?"
ra "Isn't your kind worshiping hundreds of different deities you've never seen before and have no proof they ever existed?"
y simple"..."
y bored"Yes."
y "I suppose at least dragons did exist once."
ra "Exactly, so when there is a chance that the child of a God has been born, you can't take any risks."
y "I doubt my friend will see it the same way."
ra "But do {b}you{/b}?"
y simple"I... I think so."
ra "I'm glad you're reasonable."
Soon the cat joins us, with a new smile on his face, rivaling the one Ragnar has.
t "Alright, I'm done."
y "Done with what?"
t "Assessing the situation."
t "Ki'vaathi, or whatever, looks fine."
t "He's well fed, breathes normally, and doesn't seem to have any injuries."
ra "Does that mean-"
t "Yes, I give you permission to take care of him, under one condition."
ra "Anything!"
t "I get to visit him whenever I want."
ra "Of course!"
y ec"Does that mean we're celebrating?"
ra "Absolutely, we're holding a big feast today, and you two HAVE to be our guests of honor."
ra "Ah, I just knew you had to see it the right way."
ra "After all, we're like kin, perhaps closer."
t "What does that mean?"
ra "Of course, I forgot I'm the only one in our tribe you ever spoke to."
ra "You, with the hidden name, you do not have parents, correct?"
t "I-"
t "What?"
t "Why do you ask, and why do you know that?"
ra "In that case, let me present myself again."
ra "I am Ragnar, son of the Nightgale tribe's Chief, and your older {b}step{/b} brother, nice to meet you."
My jaw drops, which seemed like the appropriate response to that revelation, but a certain cat didn't think so.
He gives us both a weird, light smile.
t "That's pretty cool."
y confused"I-is that it?"
y "That's your reaction?"
t "Yeah, I mean, it sounds awesome, that a tribe of Nightfallen took care of me when I was little, works well with my future hunter career's backstory."
ra "I'm... a bit confused."
y simple"You can say that twice."
ra "Did you know all along?"
t "Not really."
ra "Then how come you are not happier?"
t "Because I don't remember any of this."
t "No offense, but I have no idea if you're telling the truth, it's not really something I can just take to heart from the start."
t "My whole life started when Mister Mandrate found me, as far as I'm concerned."
t "I wouldn't mind hearing more about this, but I'm only going to express my emotions once I know the argument I'm hearing has some weight to it."
He does have a point, I can't believe I just believed Ragnar's words immediately.
Not to call him a liar, but information needs to be verified.
ra "You've grown into a fine, and just man."
ra "In that case, perhaps you should hear the story from someone that was here at the time, instead of your adventure seeking step brother."
ra "My father resides in a large hut just further in."
y surprised"Yes, we should go there right now."
t "Actually, we're going to be late to our battle if we stay any longer."
I want to protest, but I don't want to push him further just to fill my own curiosity.
ra "A battle you say?"
ra "So you two are noble warriors as well?"
y awkward"Uhm, something like that."
ra "You can call upon us any time, we'd be happy to assist defeating any enemy of yours."
y "We'll keep that in mind."
ra "You will be back after, yes?"
I look at my friend before responding.
t "Yes."
ra "I'm happy to hear it, I can't wait to introduce you to everyone else."
ra "They're dying to meet you, but I had to hold them off for our first meeting, they can be a bit much sometimes."
ra "And [name]."
y "Y-yes?"
He takes my hands in his, holding them tight and looking into my eyes.
ra "Thank you, and good luck."
The warm and genuine smile is almost too much for me to handle.
y blush"N-no problem, and thanks to you too."
t "I should have enough information to teleport us back without having to fly."
t "Come on lover boy."
y "Bye Ragnar, see you later!"
He snatches my hands away and a bright flash takes away my vision the next second.
Then, the front gate of the arena comes into view.
Our departure was quick, and maybe even a bit rude, although I'll be honest when I say I can't help but breathe relieved to be back in society, at last.
The cat radiates dozens of emotions each second, ranging from happy, to angry, to sad, to exasperated.
y simple"Hey..."
y "I don't want to make a big deal out of nothing, or the other way around, but..."
y worried"Are you ok?"
y "You know you can rely on me."
y "If you want to talk, or just vent, I'm here."
t "It's alright."
t "I appreciate you just being here."
t "I admit, it was unexpected, and big news, some might say."
t "But this isn't a telenovela, the story of my life won't be altered forever, because frankly, I don't really care that much about the past."
t "I do want to know more, I'm just curious, that's why we're definitely going back."
t "Other than that, as I said before, I don't want pity, not from you, not from myself, not from my possibly lost adoptive family."
t "Besides, you can't take everything a Nightfallen says at face value."
y "I understand."
y s"And you know what?"
y smug"I think you should write a book."
t "A book?"
y "Yeah, an autobiography, your life is proving to be WAY more interesting than I thought."
y simple"At least compared to my city boy life, the most exciting thing that ever happened was my mom's divorce."
t "You don't give yourself enough credit."
t "I bet the custody battle was an interesting season."
y pf"Nah, it was done in one episode, my dad just kinda gave up from the start."
t "Ouch... well, speaking of battles."
y ec"Yeah, it's time to demolish some first years, huh?"
t "I need an outlet."
t "I'm almost sorry about how hard we'll beat them."
As we walk inside, we're met with silence from the crowd, everyone is just too focused on the next battle announcement from Chelsie.
And who can blame them?
The contestants are no other than Merina and Coal, teaming up against Oliver and Rose.
y simple"Can anyone possibly win against Merina?"
t "Dallan could, for sure."
y "Then is anyone ever defeating Dallan?"
t "Haima."
t "It's kind of like a game of rock, paper, scissors between those three."
t "Dallan beats Merina, Merina beats Haima and Haima beats Dallan."
t "But right now, if Oliver has something up his sleeve, or if Merina can't bring herself to hurt him, then she might even lose."
y s"Should we go register for a battle while they're at it?"
t "Nah, I told Dallan yesterday to put us as the last pair."
t "I told you I don't want to miss it."
t "Now, I wonder how Rose will protect herself from those ice attacks..."
y simple"I don't think we'll get to focus on that battle, unfortunately."
t "Hmm? Why do you say tha-"
t "oh..."
From between the crowd, two worried and angry figures rush towards us.
t "What are the chances those frowns are there because they missed us so much?"
y awkward"Hey guys, how's it hanging?"
a "Don't try to sway us with your friendly words, you sexy... spotted... dork."
y simple"What?"
t "Why so moody this time?"
t "Didn't get head in a while?"
a "N-no...yes? Shut up."
d "Tate, we have problems."
y worried"What's wrong?"
d "What's wrong is that you two are very late, everyone wants to see you participate because of what you managed to do at practice."
t "So?"
t "Didn't you sign us up for last? You didn't forget, did you?"
a "No, we didn't, but since you are last, you can't choose your opponents..."
a "Since there is only one pair remaining as well, obviously."
t "That was never a problem for us."
t "Who are the unfortunate suckers?"
t "Me and [name] are going to demolish anyone!"
a "..."
d "..."
d "It's... me and Aiden."
y simple"..."
t "..."
t "What?"
a "YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO FIGHT US, IDIOTS!" with hpunch
t "Ok, geez we heard you the first time."
y worried"W-why? Was there nobody else for you to choose from?"
d "We asked Chelsie to sign us up together to fight first years, so I can show them what defeat means, and teach them that there is always somebody stronger, but they shouldn't give up or feel discouraged to fight on!"
a "I just wanted to beat the shit out of some first years."
d "Every pair that was told they have to fight us forfeited before we even began!"
d "And so we were left for last."
y bored"And we are the last pair as well..."
a "Yep."
d "It's alright [name], we understand if you want to give up."
d "There is always next year."
d "We didn't think everyone would just run away like that..."
a "Yeah, let's just hope that next time we-"
t "Hey hey hey hey hey!"
t "Hey."
t "You don't think we'll back away from a challenge, do you?"
d "You-"
d "You're not serious, right?"
a "You know we won't hold back."
y smug"We are not asking you to."
d "[name], you too?"
Their panicked news were a bit of a surprise, not gonna lie, but seeing the cat's confidence makes me think we won't get completely obliterated.
We do a one-armed hug and stand our ground with irrational smiles of poise in the face of danger.
a "We're going in right after this battle ends, do you even have a plan?"
y "Yeah, the plan is to win."
t "Hell yeah!"
d "I suppose Tate's blind optimism rubbed off on you as well, huh?"
a "More like idiocy."
t "Call it whatever you want, our magic is just as good as yours, if not better."
d "Speaking of, I meant to ask this before, but what are your powers, [name]?"
a "We noticed electricity in your auditions, is it safe to assume you're an elementalist?"
y ec"Well I-"
t "SHHH!"
t "ShshshSHSHSHdhh!"
He grabs my muzzle with both hands and holds it tightly shut.
t "Don't tell them!"
t "That's the only advantage we have on them!"
d "I mean, we could just ask Merina..."
t "Ha! Good luck!"
t "She would not betray me like that."
a "Then I'll ask Oliver."
a "He usually cracks if I ask him nicely while looking down at him."
t "Merina would kill you if you intimidated Oliver again!"
t "I know because I was there when she told you."
a "Damn it."
d "Well then, guess you do have a good advantage after all."
d "Good luck against...us."
a "You'll need it."
For the first time, I don't have to be dragged along into a crazy plan, since I'm in sync with my battle partner on that matter.
It seems like we are both set on doing our best even if the odds are against us.
Meanwhile...
Coal is trying desperately to protect himself from Rose's axe attacks, while Merina creates ice surfaces under Oliver's feet, making him slip and fall, but not attacking much.
I would've loved to see the end of this battle, but we need to talk tactics in a private place.
The familiar cold air of the back rooms fills my lungs as we step inside, losing the two men among the crowd outside.
Soon, after making our way to a more secluded and inviting break room, the cat becomes dead weight behind me.
Then falls to the floor on his knees, turning his laughter into sobbing.
y simple"What's wrong?"
y worried"Why are you crying?"
t "Because neither of us will be virgins anymore after today!"
y worried"W-why?"
t "Because we're going to get {b}FUCKED{/b} by those two!" with hpunch
y blush2"Do you mean that literally oooor-"
t "IN THE ASS!"
t "FUCKED SO HARD!"
t "WE'LL BOTH BE SLOPPY CUM MESSES ON THE ARENA'S FLOOR!"
y screamblush"I CAN'T TELL IF YOU'RE BEING LITERAL OR NOT!"
y "YOU'RE SCARING ME!"
And exciting me...
t "Aiden will absolutely not have any mercy, at least not towards me."
t "WHY DID YOU BRING ME INTO THIS?!"
y angry"IT WAS YOUR IDEA!"
y blushmad"AND ARE WE GETTING ACTUALLY FUCKED OR NOT?!"
t "NO, WE'RE GETTING MURDERED!"
y angry"THAT IS SO MUCH WORSE!"
t "I KNOW!"
y worried"So what's the plan?"
t "Thankfully those four are not hurrying to end the battle, so we have a little time to discuss..."
t "But I doubt there is much discussion to be made, we'll just have to accept a beating like the losers we are."
t "Luck just isn't on my side these days."
t "Unless you have some kind of ace up your sleeve?"
t "{i}'Recommended'{/i} student."
I do, in fact, have one, but a certain demon just refuses to tell me what the hell this ace even does.
un "You didn't ask."
I DID, MULTIPLE TIMES!
un eyeroll"Well, you should've been clearer about your demands."
Can I know what it does NOW?
It feels like a good time for an apogee, don't you think?
un bored"Here's the bottom line."
un "It's pretty simple really, touching someone while having the medallion on your person will absorb magic from them and any item, spell or summon as well."
un "You just have to think really hard about sucking them off while doing so."
Do you mean that-
un squint"No... I don't mean that literally, you fucking slut."
un "The reason why I wanted you to have this, even though it is a precious gift given to me long ago, is because it is perfect for energy manipulation."
un bored"AS you might know, your magic doesn't consume... well, magic, it feeds on energy, which can be hard to acquire on your own."
un "This little item lets you not only have almost unlimited energy, but also weaken your enemies."
un "While also having no suspicions cast upon you, since this should already be part of your power kit."
This is...awesome, actually, it might just be what we need.
un suspicious"You're welcome, by the way."
I didn't say thank you.
un squint"Ungrateful bitch."
un "I do hope you get literally double penetrated out there."
Me too...
un surprised"What?"
What?
un bored"..."
un squint"I'll be away for a while."
y smug"I might just have something."
t "That's my partner!"
t "Whatcha got?"
t "A gun?"
y confused "What? No."
y "How would I even get one of those?"
t "Chelsie?"
y bored"That...makes sense."
y simple"But no."
y s"You know I have energy manipulation as my ability, right?"
t "Are you gonna nuke the arena?"
y bored"No, I'll drain their magic."
t "Ooooh, that sounds useful."
t "Those two do have a lot of magic."
t "How will you do that?"
y s"If I touch someone, I can suck- I mean, drain their magic, simple as that, which becomes energy for my manipulation ability."
t "And you kept an ability like THAT from me?"
y sadsmile"I just didn't have an opportunity to use it, and I don't like showing off."
t "Whatever, yeah, that will come in handy."
t "Let's think of other things..."
He starts pacing the room as I sit down on one of the soft, so very soft, couches.
After some thinking he becomes more and more irritated.
t "How is that fair?!"
T "Aiden can straight up take away my whole deal, by canceling my teleportation, and Dallan is immune to magic all together."
y simple"Well what else can you do? Let's review it back."
t "I can shoot teleportation balls, you saw them in practice against Merina, which are actually not canceled by Aiden's spell."
t "But they're pretty hard to hit on an expecting target..."
t "And Dallan is, again, immune to them."
t "I also know how to fight pretty well, even if I might not look like it."
t "Dallan taught me, actually."
y "So you know his fighting style?"
t "Pretty much."
t "And you can electrocute people and drain magic."
t "Alright, now who fights who?"
t "Obviously it's a pair battle, but usually the norm is that you focus on one opponent, then the winner gangs up on the other."
t "That's not always the case, but Dallan's and Aiden's styles are way too different for them to work together."
y "I think the obvious choice is that you have to fight Dallan and I'll do Aiden."
t "Why do I get the strongest one?"
t "Shouldn't you fight Dallan, since there is a small chance that your draining ability might even work on him?"
y simple"He might be the strongest and you're right, it might work, but Aiden will be less inclined to hurt me."
t "Oh."
t "You're super right..."
t "Our nurse can mend bones and even reattach limbs, so I don't want Aiden to get any funny ideas..."
y simple"Yikes..."
t "Look at you, looking after me and caring about my well being."
t "Set on being my third adoptive father?"
y pf"I doubt you want that."
y "You'll just have to hold your own against Dallan until I get to drain Aiden off, then we gang up on Dallan."
t "Doubt it's that easy."
t "If only I could teleport...Aiden would be out in a heartbeat."
y smug"Actually, I have yet another, perhaps stronger ace in hand."
t "Ooooh, let's hear it."
It's my time to test this new spell for the first...well, technically second time.
I raise my hand and snap my fingers in his face, thinking really hard about Scribbles.
The sound my fingers made had a loud, unnatural echo to it, as well as a little spark.
The cat recognized the spell immediately, shooting his ears up.
t "I remember now! You used this on me yesterday! I still can't believe you know it too."
t "Ah, right, energy manipulation...I believe canceling magic does fall in your category."
t "But how would that help us?"
t "You just made me not able to teleport."
Oh right, I never explained to him the second part of the spell.
y "The funny part is that..."
y ec"It works both ways."
t "I'm listening..."
I spend the next minute or so explaining how the spell really works, the cat's smile growing wider and wider.
t "I wonder who Aiden's anchor is... perhaps his dad? Or an ex?"
t "In any case, we shouldn't use it inside the arena."
y "Do you mean-"
t "Yep."
With one last grin and a perfect plan in hand, we're ready for our battle announcement.
y simple"Yeah..."
un "Imagine if you had some kind of spell that lets you {b}cancel{/b} teleportation cancellation spells."
un "Wouldn't that be useful?"
There's nothing we can do about it when the battle starts any minute now.
There were only three teams remaining ahead of us, which gave us about fifteen minutes of talking.
In the meantime, we came up with the perfect plan.
Although what is a plan against what I can only describe as demigods...?
Still, we'll do our best.
Chelsie's loud, excited voice can be heard throughout the arena, the backrooms, and perhaps even in the Wild Fur's camp we visited earlier.
That girl is loud, but it's understandable, since apparently the pair before us did a number on each other, with the winner being Coal.
No, not Coal and Merina, just Coal, since the fox and mouse couldn't bring themselves to hurt one another.
Rose put out a great fight, but in the end, magic won.
The crowd already started to stir again, anticipating the last battle.
ch "WHAT AN INCREDIBLE FIGHT!"
ch "IT WAS THE MOST CLIMATIC AND ALSO WHOLESOME FIGHT SO FAR!"
ch "IT HAD ACTION, IT HAD DRAMA, IT HAD COMEDY, IT HAD LOVE, WHAT ELSE IS THERE TO WANT, OTHER THAN {b}THE NEW XR-98 PROTOTYPE BATTLESUIT GLOVES{/b}, THAT WILL MAKE CUTTING DOWN NIGHTFALLEN A BREEZE, WHILE ALSO PROTECTING YOUR HANDS FROM ANYTHING, FOR ONLY 298.99, YOU CAN ALSO-"
The whole crowd groaned simultaneously upon hearing the ad break.
Not even in magic sex schools, can you take a break from the ads.
Soon the excitement came back alongside the cheers, as Chelsie finally decided to get to the final battle of the day.
ch "WITHOUT FURTHER ADO, I'M PROUD TO PRESENT TO YOU ALL, THE BEST, MOST HANDSOMEST, SMARTEST, SEXIEST, MOST TALENTED INDIVIDUAL OF THE DAY, DALLAN, LEADER OF THE DEFENDER'S SHARD!"
If the crowd was loud before, now it goes completely wild.
ch "ALONGSIDE HIS BATTLE PARTNER, AIDEN, VICE LEADER OF THE SLAYER'S SHARD!"
Of course Aiden wouldn't get the same treatment as her best friend.
ch "AGAINST OUR INFAMOUS TROUBLEMAKING FIRST YEARS-"
I'm already a troublemaker alongside him?
ch "UHMM..."
ch "DARKSTAR?..."
ch "OF THE SORCERY SHARD."
t "YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES, SHE USED ONE OF MY TRIAL NAMES!"
ch "PARTNERED UP WITH HIS SHARDMATE AND FIRST YEAR, [NAME]!"
The people cheered for us two almost as hard as for Dallan and Aiden.
un "Those must be pity cheers, they know you're about to die."
We all jumped inside the arena as our names were being presented.
But something is wrong...
t "Why do they look so angry?"
y worried"I don't know, and they're coming closer..."
t "Was my new name that bad?"
y simple"Yeah, but not bad enough to put a frown on Dallan's face."
t "I think they're both looking at you, actually."
y worried"W-what?"
y "Why?"
y "That can't be."
a "[NAME]!"
d "[NAME]!"
y pf"Yep, somehow I pissed them off."
t "The bell didn't ring yet!"
The cat gets in front of me protectively, extending his arms to block their path.
y awkward"Can I...help you?"
a "WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US?"
y "Tell you what?"
d "THAT YOU JOINED THE SORCERY SHARD!"
Dallan's face turns to disappointment, then sadness, while Aiden stays as red as ever.
y worried"I'm sorry! I forgot."
y "Didn't think it was a big deal."
a "And here I thought I still had a chance..."
t "A chance at what?"
a "N-nothing, I mean-"
a "Getting a recommended student in my shard, that's what I meant, of course."
d "Now the Sorcery Shard has two..."
a "At least yours has one..."
t "I knew you two would get butt-hurt if we told you, so we decided it's best to keep quiet."
a "Should've known you'd try to keep him all to yourself."
d "You didn't get scammed a second time, did you, [name]?"
y bored"You don't give me enough credit..."
Our arguing is cut short by the resounding ring of a bell.
a "Looks like we'll solve the rest of this dispute with fists."
t "What dispute?!"
t "You created a problem that never existed!"
We split up, getting about fifty feet away from each other, facing the guys we agreed on.
As expected, the first thing Aiden does is snap his fingers, leaving my partner useless.
t "Great."
t "Time to fight a huge wolf with my bare hands."
Aiden looks pleasantly surprised to see me approach.
a "I must admit, I really thought I'd have to fight Tate."
a "He must really hate getting his powers erased so easily."
a "Was revenge not on his mind?"
y "Ha."
y smug"I know we've only known each other for a couple of days, but I realized pretty fast that it's not wise to match him against you."
a "True, Dallan can't bring himself to hurt people if he can help it."
y "Can {b}you{/b}?"
a "..."
a "Yes."
Dozens of bright daggers, made of light, appear around him, shooting at all at once.
Scribbles?
un "Yes, I remember the plan."
I dodge as many as I can, the ones I'm too slow for, Scribbles deflects in a subtle manner, some of them grazing and cutting my clothes.
It's safe to assume he's not messing around.
a "You're very flexible."
y "I get that a lot."
y "I was the best in my Tango class."
a "Then let's dance."
y simple"W-wait I was joking."
He stops any long range attacks he was about to throw, and gestures for me to get closer, while doing an inviting tango pose.
He takes a quick look behind him, at the Headmaster, who watches us both like a predator, while Chelsie's focused on the other pair.
If he wants to engage in hand to hand combat, I will not say no.
un "Unless you get fatal damage to the brain from a single punch, and fall limp before doing anything."
The pessimist king...
The power dynamic in this battle is so one-sided, that nobody questions neither Aiden, nor me, when I follow his lead and approach with my own dance moves.
A funny move for a joke of a battle.
In the meantime...
d "Tate, you can't teleport."
d "Why are you approaching me, instead of running away?"
d "All I have to do is trap you in a cage and get you out of the arena."
d "I don't even have to hurt you."
t"{i}'Victory is not always about winning the battle but having the courage to fight against all odds.'{/i}"
d "You...you truly feel that way?"
t "{i}'Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.'{/i}"
d "I-I don't know what to say."
d "I never knew you were so determined and honorable."
t"{i}'Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.'{/i}"
d "Alright, I made up my mind."
d "I'm going to fight you with dignity as well."
d "People like to see others getting dominated in the arena, but I can't refuse your request for an honorarble defeat."
Our plan of softening Dallan with inspirational quotes from famous people worked.
This gives us yet another one percent chance towards victory.
About ninety six more to go...
Dallan lets his shields down, everything except for his anti magic barrier, and gestures for the cat to come at him, with a wrestling move, not dance