At that moment, something incredible was in the midst of happening, something that I personally never expected could happen to ME, specifically.
st1 "Pspsps."
st1 "Hey there kitties."
st2 "Where are you heading off to?"
st2 "Need a ride?"
As we make our way on the sidewalk, by the town's fountain, two men stop to catcall us, literally.
A hyena and jackal on bicycles appear from behind, cutting our way.
Their Akira style drifts would've been cooler if they weren't on rental bikes with the academy's symbol on them.
Before they even get to finish their half assed request, the jackal unbuttons and unzips his pants, and the hyena raises his shirt up.
This feels like a real life unsolicited dick pic.
t "On... your bikes?"
My partner is more concerned by their transportation method than the fact that they just came in half naked, sexually harassing us.
I might be wrong, but I think the hyena has no underwear.
st1 "Well, we would have cars... but they're not allowed."
st1 "Damn this mayor and his green life philosophy."
st2 "You can still hop on the back, we got enough room."
st1 "You can ride these seats, then ride our dicks later."
st1 "Whatcha sayin'?"
t "hmm."
y "Excuse us for a second."
We turn around for a group meeting.
Having our backs towards these two horndogs and bending over might've not been the best idea, but the cat knows what he's doing.
With a {i}'are you thinking what I'm thinking?'{/i} look on our faces.
t "Well?"
y smug"Between the two of them, they almost have a complete outfit on."
t "I'll take that as a yes."
t "Plus, I don't really feel like walking..."
y "What if we-"
t "Oh yes, absolutely, let's tease them."
un curious"How come I can't read what you're thinking?"
It's something so profound, only true friends can understand, an answer given with a simple glance.
un bored"Bullshit..."
We turn back looking at each other with sly smiles forming on both our faces.
We intertwine our hands and arch our backs, our cheeks almost touching as we look them in the eyes.
I swear one of them was about to howl and the other one was salivating.
y smug"Sure, why not?"
y "You two look like you know how to treat a pair of needy cats."
t "It's not everyday you meet two desperate men ready for a good time."
t "{size=20}Sometimes it's twice a day.{/size}"
Both their tails are wagging and their grins become wider.
y worried"Oh, but how will we choose who fucks who?"
y worried"They're both so hot."
t "I know! Let's have them decide."
t "Which one of us do you want?"
st2 "Bro... look."
The jackal points at our waists.
st2 "They're from the academy."
st1 "{i}*gasp*{/i} Sluts."
st1 "Score!"
st2 "Just a second, twinks."
They turn around the same way we did, throwing glances in our direction from time to time.
st1 "{size=20}You sure dude?{/size}"
st2 "{size=20}The nerds are the real freaks in bed.{/size}"
st1 "{size=20}Didn't know that.{/size}"
st2 "{size=20}Yeah yeah, we good then?{/size}"
st1 "{size=20}Ye, let the fun begin.{/size}"
st2 "I want the one with the fat ass!"
st1 "I'll take the insecure looking one!"
t "Great."
y smug"Yeah."
y simple"Wait, which one am I?"
st2 "Hop on!"
We walk over to our new {i}'partners'{/i}, I'm stuck with the hyena for now.
My friend is fortunate enough to only get a good smack on the ass, as for me?
He grabs one of my cheeks and squeezes hard, and I mean hard, making me lean forward from discomfort into his chest.
Not sure if that was smart of him or just a coincidence.
He wastes no time with our heads being so close, and tries to go for a tongue kiss.
A kiss I so graciously denied by pushing his chin as far up as I could, I'm surprised nothing broke from the angle his head was in, snout straight to the sky.
y pf"Easy there, doggy."
st2 "Uhm, actually, hyenas are more related to cats than dogs."
t "Great, another nerd."
t "Let's go, I wanna get there before I starve to death."
st1 "We got some big and juicy sausages you can suck on."
sp "Name's Spot by the way."
y simple"Weird thing to follow up with, after that first statement."
j "I'm Jack."
t "Such unique names."
sp "And what's yours, hotstuff?"
y "Eh, you got it right there."
sp "Your name is Hotstuff?"
y smug"Yep."
sp "Wow, that's... hot."
j "What about you, sexy?"
j "Cutiepie? Hugeass? Cockrider?"
t "Benedict Cumberbatch."
j "oh..."
sp "Haa, tough luck."
j "Can I call you Ben?"
t "Nope, I need to be addressed by my full name or I'll use my teeth when I blow you later."
j "Damn..."
sp "So then..."
sp "Wanna suck us off behind that building over there?"
t "Woah, slow down, mister romance overdrive."
y smug"Maybe treat us to some lunch first?"
un suspicious"Waaait a second, I get it!"
un squint"You have no romantic OR sexual interest in these men."
un "You're just messing with them."
Bingo.
un sidee"I... don't understand, actually."
You will, Scribbles, someday.
j "So no head?"
t "Depends on how well you treat us."
t "Where we going, chief?"
j "Ermm, Olive Garden?"
Y bored"You gotta be kidd-"
t "YEEEEESS!"
y "Oh, guess that's good."
t "I just love the family atmosphere there."
We hold on tight, hands wrapped around our bike partners' bellies.
Time for a long hangout montage!
It shouldn't come as a surprise the fact that these guys are quite the expert bike riders, avoiding every pebble in the road and even-
Get this-
Respecting STREET SIGNS!
It would be even better if they kept their hands to themselves.
And I won't lie, the way Jack seems to be getting along with the cat kind of pisses me off...
He isn't even touching him inappropriately!
While we're on our way, my phone buzzes with a text from Aiden.
He and Dallan are simply wondering if we're alright, and I let them know that the world is perfect, while glancing at the cat, who's ears are almost flopping in the wind.
The cat guides us all with excited pointed fingers.
We go past two restaurants that are almost empty, but he's not satisfied with them.
j "Hey, why aren't we stopping?"
j "That place's perfect!"
t "No, uhm, the bathroom is too dirty in there."
sp "I think he wants to do stuff in the bathroom."
j "Ah, that makes sense, let's search for a better one then."
Bikes are a very fast transportation method when there are no cars to be wary of, so we quickly find another one.
I doubt we'll stop, since it looks pretty packed.
t "Oooh, look at that one, looks perfect!"
t "Let's check it out!"
y bored"Really?"
The guys park and lock the bikes while we walk in to inspect the place.
It looks almost identical to the other two establishments, except that because of the better location, there are more people.
y smug"I think I'm starting to understand your plan."
t "Plan?~"
t "What plan?~"
The only table we find available is a four seat one in a corner, near the windows.
Our partners walk in from behind, and we deliver them the {i}'bad'{/i} news.
y "Found it, as we thought this place is ideal."
j "Finally."
t "Just one problem, there are no more seats for you."
y "You'll have to take one of the tables outside, those are all free."
sp "What?"
j "Isn't that your table?"
sp "Looks pretty big to me."
t "No no, you see, I need to stretch my legs on the chair, and Hotstuff here needs a place to rest his monstrosity of a tail, just look at this thing!"
sp "Can't we go find another place then?"
t "But I'm sooo hungry, I can't ride another minute."
y "Besides, we need the energy to ride something else later."
y "Isn't that right?"
j "But we-"
sp "It's ok dude, just imagine spitroasting the leopard and deepthroating that cat later."
j "Good point dude, all will be worth it."
j "Investment."
t "Hey, and just to make sure, the tab's on you right?"
t "Awesome thanks."
He pushes them towards the door and closes it behind them, dusting off his hands.
y "Phew."
I offer him a satisfying fistbump, then sit down as the waiter comes around.
I ordered a steak while the cat was craving spaghetti.
y simple"Those guys are..."
t "Creeps? Horndogs? Nuts?"
y pf"Interesting for sure."
y simple"They're not even from the academy, so everyone in this town is lustful like that?"
t "We're very sex positive."
t "But unzipping your pants in front of a stranger is a bit much even for this place."
t "Lucky we're perverts too."
y s"Heh, yeah."
y sadsmile"I do feel a little bad they have to stay outside."
t "If they were here, you would be laying on this table spread like butter."
y simple"Why only me?"
t "Because I'd help them do it."
y pf"Ha-ha."
y "Such a nice friend."
t "You'd like that, don't lie."
I would...that's the annoying part.
t "Where do you wanna go after this?"
y s"Wanna watch a movie?"
t "Absolutely!"
We devour our food, looking at the two men outside, with frowns on and blue balls.
y sadsmile"They are pretty cute though..."
t "They're okay."
t "I think I actually know Jack."
y surprised"You do?"
y "He didn't seem to recognize you."
t "He never met me, I saw him in a picture and heard a description."
t "Did you see those piercings he has on one ear?"
y s"Uhm, oh, yeah, what about them?"
t "Aiden made them, apparently."
y simple"Aiden gives piercings?"
t "No, silly, he made the holes."
t "More like ripped some holes in, which I assume he got stitched, but wears earrings to cover the scars."
y "Did he piss off Aiden?"
t "Yep, he walked up to him and groped his ass hard."
Like Spot did with me... lucky I'm not an over six foot moody tiger.
y "Aiden is so much bigger than him, it was a bold move."
y "Did he really think he could make him submit like that?"
t "He might've, Aiden is a big playboy, men, women, bottoms, tops, but he wasn't in the mood that day, so he swiped his claws at the guy."
t "Thankfully for him he ducked."
y "Wow."
t "Let it be a lesson, only sexually harass your friends."
y smug"I would never sexually harass you."
t "Well that's disappointing."
y surprised"Wha-"
t "Hey, wanna give them a little surprise."
y simple"Surprise?"
t "You were right, they are cute, and they'd be cuter together."
y "I'm not sure I follow."
He signals a waitress to approach, points at the guys outside and whispers In her ear.
She chuckles and nods, walking towards the kitchen.
A minute or two later she brings Jack and Spot a single, extra large milkshake with two straws.
y smug"I see now."
They look confused at first, since the waitress kept the sender anonymous, and are definitely reluctant to enjoy the milky, creamy beverage.
But as dumb as they can be, they're not dumb enough to waste perfectly good food, so they decide to awkwardly slurp at it together, trying not to make eye contact.
t "Awww, look at them, suckling away."
y simple"Aren't they going to know it was us when the tab comes?"
t "Nah, I asked her to put that one on our tab."
y smug"In that case, this might be even more fun than we thought."
Since we didn't have to pay for our food, other than the milkshake, we left a generous tip and left with the men.
This time, Jack is the one that tries to grope my cat, but unlike me or Aiden, he grabs his hand before it makes contact and squeezes so hard, Jack falls to his knees and tries desperately not to let everyone know his twink is almost making him cry.
Me and Spot decide to purposely not see anything.
{i}'What abuse, officer? His hand was already broken when we met him.'{/i}
t "Ooooh, the carnival is in town this week!"
t "We have to go!"
sp "B-but, rough butt sex?"
sp "You said we can fuck your brains out after lunch."
y sadsmile"Come ooon, just one more stop?"
y "I'm new in town, and I've never been to a carnival."
I lean on his shoulder and caress his chest with my finger, while making puppy eyes.
y smug"And there are a lot of corners where we can get some privacy for quick meetings."
sp "I-I guess one more stop won't hurt."
sp "Although, doesn't the carnival open when the sun starts to set?"
t "Then we have just enough time for a movie until then!"
t "Come on."
j "Ow, ow ow ow."
j "Benedict Cumberbatch, please let go."
j "I need to steer the wheel."
t "Fine, I'll spare your fingers, but only because you respected my name, good boy."
j "Phew..."
j "..."
j "I want to trade."
sp "No shot, you wanted the fat ass."
So I really was the insecure one all along...
The movie theater was no different than the ones in the bigger cities, which meant overpriced popcorn and soda that we didn't have to pay for.
Thank you, service tops.
The two guys wanted to watch an erotic movie, and make out whenever a kiss scene comes up.
My partner was even giggling to himself while holding a bag of popcorn, for some reason, weirdo, like I don't know what you have in mind.
But this cat pair has something else in mind.
I haven't watched a good horror film with friends before, I'm usually alone, in my room, with all the lights on so I don't faint.
We asked the ticket seller to tell them all movie tickets are sold out, aside from our desired movie.
Not only that, we had him say the only seats available are twenty four and twenty five, and fifty seven and fifty eight.
He agreed after he heard our tear inducing story, about a failed date with two creepy, older men.
Somehow, they weren't as devastated about the news as we thought, which was good, that just means they're losing interest.
We take our snacks and wait for the movie to begin.
The whole time, the cat could not stop laughing every time somebody died in a horrific way, since he'd point out everything he could've personally done in that situation.
t "And if I wasn't allowed to teleport or fly, for some reason, I'd dropkick him so hard, I mean, what's he gonna do with a knife against my powerful, juicy thighs?"
Not to mention that the whole room was empty, every seat free, dumb and dumber, never questioned it, or tried to move closer to us.
They were too busy fidgeting with the popcorn in Spot's lap.
I don't want to jump to conclusions... but their murmurs confirmed my theories.
j "What's this?"
j "What did you put in this popcorn?"
j "Is this a hotdog?"
sp "T-that's.. my cock."
j "..."
j "Nice try dude."
j "There's no way that's yours, it feels too big."
j "It's fucking huge."
j "Thick too."
sp "I'm telling you it is, and you keep playing with it..."
j "Shut up... this right here?"
sp "Yep."
j "Like.. is this the tip?"
sp "That would be it."
j "And is this the base?"
sp "You got it..."
j "Then where are... woah, your balls are huge too."
sp "So now you believe me?"
j "..."
j "Not until I see it with my own eyes."
sp "Eat the popcorn and find out."
Needless to say, I was finding it hard to concentrate on the movie.
Outside we are met with a beautiful fiery sky, and the sound of music playing in the distance.
The carnival started.
Jack and Spot leave the cinema questioning themselves, and making way less dirty remarks, even as the cat slowly grinds against his partner while biking, just to tease.
They still continued to accompany us, except that now they're more like servants than escorts.
We start our evening with the mandatory rigged games, which my partner is surprisingly good at, and manages to win me a prize.
The eccentric purple cat could not take his eyes off a dakimakura of a tuxedo cat from a popular dating sim that looked a tiny bit like him.
t "You're gonna sleep hugging that thing for the rest of your life."
y surprised"Wait, me? Why me?"
y bored"Eh, don't bother, I know the answer."
Unlucky for me, this one was for sale... not a prize, so hello new dorm addition.
We play more games, buy snacks and overall have an amazing time while our servan- I mean, our dates carry our things behind us.
t "HEY!"
t "I saw that!"
t "Don't drop anything!"
j "I-I'm trying!"
sp "Hey hey, Jacky, don't cry."
sp "It's okay."
j "{i}*sniff sniff*{/i}"
j "A-All I wanted {i}*sniff*{/i} was some cat ass {i}*sniff*{/i}."
j "W-was that *sniff* too much to a-ask?"
sp "No, that was a perfectly reasonable request."
He shoots us an ugly look while comforting his friend.
sp "Alright..."
sp "That's it!"
sp "We've been taking you places all day on our bikes."
sp "We fed you, and paid for everything."
sp "Bought you all sorts of stuff, and got you on all the rides you wanted."
j "SO WHERE IS OUR SEX?" with hpunch
We look at each other confused.
y simple"Didn't you have fun today, hanging out?"
sp "Huh?"
sp "I mean, sure, but-"
j "We only wanted some dick- I MEAN ASS!"
j "W-we wanted ass..."
j "Haha, totally not dick, we aren't bottoms."
sp "Bro?"
sp "Are you... a catcher?"
j "No! I-I mean, I touched your dick before so much because I didn't know what it was, haha."
t "Jack?"
y sadsmile"Spot really cares about you, you should know that, if not before, today should have opened your eyes."
sp "I love you bro, whatever lifestyle you choose."
t "So do you have something to confess to Spot, perhaps?"
sp "Bro..."
j "I..."
j "I didn't know your dick was so big..."
sp "I didn't know you liked to bottom..."
j "Occasionally."
j "So, is that really okay?"
sp "Yeah, honestly... sometimes I'd look at your ass, and think {i}'damn, those cakes are wasted on him.'{/i}"
j "I do have good cakes..."
j "I still want to split twinks in half with you."
sp "I'd like nothing more."
sp "Maybe we could add another one in the mix next time, one of those gym guys, just for you."
j "I'd like that."
sp "..."
sp "Y-you.. wanna go suck my cock behind that tent?"
j "I thought you'd never ask."
j "Can we go to your place after?"
sp "Of course!"
y sadsmile"Aww, our plan we had from the beginning worked."
t "Yep."
t "High-five."
un curious"What?"
un "T-that... that was your plan?"
un "What mental gymnastics did the two of you have to go through to get HERE from THERE?"
un bored"You know what, I don't even wanna know."
un "Congrats on the shared brain cell."
un "It's still functional, somehow."
t "So my guy will be the one filled up tonight."
y simple"Yeah, I could've sworn he's a strict top."
y "I honestly thought we'll fail."
y s"Never judge a book by its cover, learned that for the fifth time today."
t "Same with this wallet."
t "Looks expensive, but is almost empty."
y surprised"You stole his wallet?!"
t "No, he dropped it, and I'm not going to run around searching for him, besides, it has nothing except for these coupons and condoms."
t "..."
t "Expired condoms."
y s"At least it's leather."
t "Not interested."
t "It's getting late."
y "Wanna go for some end of the day rides?"
t "You read my mind!"
We play with bump cars, ride a rollercoaster, eat more cotton candy and end the day with the Ferris Wheel.
I pay for our tickets, now that our free rides fell in love and abandoned us, and walk inside an empty cabin.
The ascent is painfully slow, but the view will be worth it.
t "Do you know what my favorite ride is?"
y smug"The rollercoaster, knowing you, high speed must be your style."
t "You'd think that, but nope, guess again."
y simple"Could it be... this one?"
t "Yes!"
t "How'd you know?"
y s"It goes up high, so it must remind you of your broom."
t "You're right, but there's another reason."
t "It's that I can do this."
He leans in, places his head on my shoulder and closes his eyes.
y confused"Sleep?"
t "Relax, while being high in the air, with someone I like."
t "Aaand the third reason is that if you don't get off when the wheel goes down, they will forget about you and won't have to pay extra."
t "So don't you dare get down."
y bored"Understood, although I liked the second reason better."
y blush"And... I like you too."
y ec"so don't mind if I follow your lead and close my eyes."
t "Be my guest."
t "..."
t "You know, when we were playing never have I ever, the whole time my mind was at my kidnapped friend."
t "As goofy as we were acting, I couldn't concentrate."
t "But after spending the day with you and clearing my mind, I must confess, although I'm still worried, my mind has made peace with the thought that I can't do anything right now."
t "Which is, for some reason, a calming thought...when things are simply out of your control, no matter how bad they might seem..."
y "All you can do then is relax and let the things unfold."
t "The others were right to call you {i}'the best first year we got in a while'{/i}."
y sadsmile"I don't know, for me, you're as close to {i}'the best'{/i} as it gets."
t "Well, obviously {b}you{/b} would say that, it would be rude to vote yourself, heh."
t "Huh, you're a drug, [name]."
y simple"I'm a what?"
t "A drug."
t "You make me happy, make me forget my worries, and I'm pretty sure I can no longer live without you."
I wanted to question his last statement, but the more I think about it... the more I realize he has the same effects on me.
y s"For what I've seen, heard and learned, you deserve to forget your worries."
y ec"So please, drown your sorrows in me whenever you want."
y "I want to have you around as much as possible, so you'll have me in here as well."
t "So generous of you."
t "I tell you I'm addicted and your response is to give me more."
y "I know, I'm an irresponsible rebel."
t "I wanna see this rebel fight in the arena tomorrow."
y awkward"Don't remind me."
t "Are you not excited to show off?"
y bored"I did that today, why do I need to do it more?"
t "Don't you wanna impress your boyfriend?"
y blush"A-and who would that be?"
t "The Headmaster, of course."
y pf"Haha, you're sooo funny."
We continue riding the wheel for the seventh time in a row, watching the sky get darker with each ascent.
t "Hey."
t "Sorry, this might sound like a weird question, but..."
t "Did you, perhaps, accept an invitation from Ollie or Merina?"
y simple"Y-you... how do you know about that?"
y "Were you-"
t "Before you accuse me of spying, here's how it happened."
t "Earlier today, I needed to find you, since the auditions were about to start, and I just stumbled upon you in the backrooms, and heard some things..."
t "Unintentionally."
t "I promise."
t "But since it happened, I want to know."

--- CHOICES ---
→ He's asking if I'll meet them after midnight, as promised, or ditch them for his sake?
→ I have to meet them, I promised.
→ We didn't get to take advantage of the numerous free rides, thus the cat's head leaves my shoulder way too early, which makes me...somewhat cold...
→ Not anymore.
--- END CHOICES ---

We spent most of the evening inside the wheel ride, until the workers finally noticed we were on our eleventh unpaid rotation, at which point we were kicked out.
I was going to offer to pay and get a couple more rides in, but I forgot I spent most of my money because I didn't want to blow that guy yesterday for the signature.
pass
It was getting kind of chilly anyway, not even our own bodies against each other could convince us to stay any more, so we made our way back to the academy.
Aiden texted while we were taking advantage of the free rides, asking if we want to meet for dinner.
How can we refuse good company?
Especially with so many stories to tell after today.
Even if I love my alone time with this cat, there is something so warming about being around people that also want you to be around them.
Cafeteria, here we come!
I already missed Dallan's toothy smile and Aiden's grumpy persona, so seeing them excited to meet us at the front door warms my heart even more.
d "Hey [name]! Hi Tate!"
The cat manages to hold in his cringe at the name call, and carries on without a fuss.
a "Hi."
y "Hey guys, you look... refreshed."
y "Had fun with the massage?"
d "You bet!"
d "Aiden took me to a spa for a full relaxation bundle."
y "That sounds amazing!"
t "You're so hardworking, you deserve it."
d "Aiden got an {i}'extra massage'{/i} for free as well."
d "If you know what I mean."
a "W-what?! No I didn't!"
a "H-how..."
a "How'd you know?..."
d "Oh please, just because I couldn't see you doesn't mean I couldn't feel all the sexual tension between you and your masseur."
d "He was catching your hints like a professional player."
t "Oooh, so what was that {i}'extra'{/i} thing we're talking about?"
t "Handy? Blowjob? {size=20}Anal?{/size}"
d "I think it was all three, and a forth one I don't want to mention for his sake."
Aiden looks red with shame.
a "Can a man not have some casual sex at a literal institution for lust training?"
d "Oh don't get me wrong, I am not shaming or criticizing it, on the contrary."
t "Yeah, good for you to get some tail so easily!"
t "That guy must've taken one look at that ass and decided it must be conquered."
y s"Kind of like Jack."
y simple"oops."
Aiden jumps surprised.
a "How do you know about Jack?"
He shoots a glare at the cat.
a "You..."
a "How many times have I told you not to use my stories for your jests?"
t "Relax, he knows because we met him."
a "Oh God..."
a "I'm sorry on his behalf, [name]."
d "You don't even know what he did."
a "Well it ain't good, that's for sure."
y "Actually, he just paid for our lunch, movie and carnival rides, then hooked up with his best friend and left us alone."
a "Huh."
a "He must've changed."
a "..."
a "I should call him."
t "Doooon't do that."
t "He has a boyfriend now."
a "I see..."
t "But it's true we had fun today."
y "And it seems you two did the same."
This evening's menu consists of chicken and vegetable pot pies.
Making conversation with Aiden around proves to be a little difficult, since he catches any and all lies we're trying to throw in along the lines to cover our dragon slash wyvern situation.
Dallan simply nods along to our story, keeping his eyes focused on us and mouth on the food.
We both agreed to hurry up our meal and get a move on before his suspicions turn to accusations.
We say our goodnights and walk away, leaving them to carry our trays back to the kitchen.
We fly off towards our dorm building, and the cat makes a point for me to not forget his room number, because it {i}'might come in handy later'{/i}.
You sly fucker.
Dallan and Aiden were definitely a little confused we decided to leave this early, but what they don't know is that we have a BIG day tomorrow.
Battles, a reverse kidnapping heist-
un "And of course, your mandatory past midnight stroll to wherever I tell you to go."
Yes, and the mandatory past- wait what?
What do you mean?
un "I MEAN, that if you don't want to fucking die tomorrow, either in the midst of battle or in your silly adventure, I'll have to make you stronger."
un ang"Today's auditions made me realize you are absolutely PATHETIC!"
So what does that have to do with me and you going on a past midnight walk?
un bored"Obviously I can't train you to be more powerful over night, and I don't have any quick spells I can teach you either, but I do have an ace up my sleeves."
un "I'll tell you more about it later, for now, just get to your dorm."
But... what about-
un pride"Nope nope no, NO."
un bored"I know you want to sleep in the same bed as him, slut, but you can't."
un "You leave your horny cat friend out for tonight."
un "Tell him to fuck off, because this is important."
I admit I'm weak, so if it's for my sake-
un "OUR sake."
I'll have to get rid of him for a little while.
But only for a night!
un "I'll take that compromise."
I guess I now have to break the harsh truth to my friend.
Look at him standing there, so innocent, smiling softly.
Can't believe I'll have to ruin that smile...
t "Here it is, our dorm."
y "Yeah... it's here."
t "Welp, goodnight then, see ya tomorrow."
y surprised"Huh?"
y simple"W-wait, what?!"
t "Sooomething wrong?"
t "Did you forget your room number?"
t "I believe it's seventy two."
t "But you could just knock on different doors until-"
y awkward"N-no it's not that."
y sadsmile"I was just thinking maybe... we could share a dorm tonight?"
un ang"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!"
un "WE AGREED ON {b}NOT SLEEPING TOGETHER!{/b}"
That was before I realized he didn't plan on proposing that idea...
He looks down, blushing and scratching the back of his neck.
t "I... know what you're getting at."
t "But I need some time alone."
t "Don't get me wrong, I love having you around, and you helped me greatly, but I can't just push the thoughts in the back of my mind any longer."
t "Today was fun, yes, but it was also stressful, and downright depressing."
y simple"You're right, I understand completely."
y sadsmile"It's my bad for rushing in with ideas like that."
y "It's just...the test is literally around the corner... and who knows what will happen then and after it."
It's my time to look at the ground rubbing my neck, it really was a silly request...his friend was kidnapped earlier today for God's sake.
t "The cat takes a shy step towards his friend."
y surprised"Huh?"
t "He wraps his arms around him, and holds on tight."
t "Of course, he asked no permission to do so beforehand, but it's alright, since his friend loves him very much and the cat knows he wouldn't mind."
y blush2"Not that I'm complaining, but what are you doing?"
t "He looks up at the awkward, confused leopard that doesn't know how to return a hug, it seems."
y blush"S-sorry, was a bit taken aback, that's all."
t "Heh, I like to narrate my thoughts sometimes, and I thought you'd want to hear them, for once."
My eyes sparkle with awe.
un eyeroll"Oh no, there's another mentally ill person, no wonder they had such good chemistry up until now."
t "You will pass that test, because you are awesome."
y sadsmile"You really think so?"
t "And so will I."
y "I never doubted that."
t "And then we'll go to the Headmaster's office and make him our bitch."
y simple"That might be a little far."
t "Yeah, you're right."
We let go of each other, and as soon as his chest leaves mine, the night's cold air takes its place.
t "See you in the morning, [name]."
y simple"Yeah...see ya."
For some reason, I wait outside, in the exact same place, not taking a step forward until the white tip of his tail is gone.
Needless to say, I don't mind letting him go now.
Since I might need some alone time as well, to lay awake in bed and think about this moment...
Little did I know, sleep is a savage animal that knows no mercy, and I become its prey easily.
He's not even going to propose the idea of spending the night together?!
un bored"Didn't you promise a sex meeting after midnight?"
un "Why the hell would he want to stick around?"
I wouldn't call it a {i}'sex'{/i} meeting necessarily...but you're right.
It takes a lot of willpower not to call after him, as I watch the white tip of his tail disappear behind the corner.
I follow shortly after, and make my way to my room.
A little surprise awaits inside as I open the door.
I forgot the window open...
Thankfully, the bugs weren't very interested in a random dark room, so I'm spared in that regard.
I decided on a quick shower immediately.
Unlike yesterday, I didn't only get sweaty, but also dirty from spending so much time in the forest, so like it or not, I need this.
Besides, I can't go to my {i}'meeting'{/i} all musty.
Ollie...
Little mouse...
Little prey...
The quick shower almost turned into a whole pleasure session, but I push those lewd thoughts back