.
m "This is...very thoughtful of you, thank you."
She smells them, shyly at first, until the sweet aroma hit her nose properly, at which point she buries her face in them.
m "And they're delightful as well."
Ollie studies each specimen type in his gift, blushing more and more as he does so.
o "I can make tea blends with some of these..."
y "I'm glad you like them!"
y "I like you both so it's the least I can do to show my appreciation."
Somehow I created a warm but also awkward atmosphere with my gesture.
Ollie is the most grateful for my gift, since now he has something to clutch in his arms, instead of his usual papers.
un "Pretty sure they're just flustered they just got date gifts all of a sudden."
You might be right... Still, it was definitely the right move.
y "Just a second, before we go."
y "I have a little something for you."
m "Oh, you really shouldn't have."
y smug"I insist, you know what they say {i}'at least take me out to dinner first'{/i}."
Merina's face becomes more and more red, as the contents of the heart shaped box become clearer to her.
After the initial shock she looks far from upset, but definitely curious.
m "T-thanks?"
o "What?"
o "What is that?"
She lowers the box and lets the mouse see.
Instead of red, he turns white.
I...hope I don't kill him with my flirting attempts.
He'll need to be much stronger for my next moves I'll pull.
She chuckles at the mouse's reaction.
m "Uhm, which one of us is this for, exactly?"
y "Whichever one wants it most."
m "My...the confidence."
m "In that case, I suppose I could-"
o "I CAN HOLD IT!"
o "I-I mean, haha, ladies shouldn't carry things around."
o "Y-you already have your purse and ermm, yeah, I just-"
m "No need for explanations, here, take it."
m "I know you like to have something to hold on to."
o "T-thanks."
m "Besides, that lubricant is more suited for you, hehe."
Steam rises from the top of his head, the crisp wind making contact with his hot fur.
y awkward"We should go before anyone faints."
m "We really should, after me boys."
We finally arrive at the actual restaurant, the waves of the ocean can be heard hitting the edge of the cliff far below.
It is a seafood based restaurant, with an ocean view and marine life decorations.
Even at first glance, this definitely screams {i}'fancy'{/i}.
Fancy enough that we aren't even going to enter without somebody to greet us first.
seb "Good evening miss, sirs."
A white cat with round spectacles gives the start to our evening.
seb "I will be your waiter tonight, do not hesitate to let me know if there is anything I can do for you, and please follow me to your reserved seats."
m "Proper as always Sebastian."
m "We told you you don't have to bring all that classiness around us, we're friends."
seb "Miss, if you wish to have fun you're better off going to the {b}Dragon's Burrow{/b}."
seb "The waiter {b}there{/b} would be happy to act in any way you want."
o "Self promotion?"
seb "My father wants more young people in there..."
seb "Students are too busy nowadays."
m "Chelsie and Aiden are worth a hundred clients."
seb "They are scaring away other customers."
m "That checks out."
m "Aaanyway."
m "This is [name], by the way, you two have a lot in common."
seb "Why, because our fur is white?"
y surprised "!"
seb "I expected more from you, miss Merina."
m "Don't joke like that, he doesn't know your sense of humor."
seb "Heh, you're right, I apologize."
seb "Pleased to meet you, [name]."
y awkward"Pleasure's all mine."
seb "You'll have a good time with these two, I can guarantee."
y s"I don't doubt that."
seb "Here we are and there is the menu."
Sebastian helps Ollie up on his elevated seat, and I hurry to pull Merina's chair as well.
A gesture she appreciates with a nod.
He then does the same to my chair.
I've never had the chivalry card being played for me before, and this makes me feel nice.
He places the menu in front of me and lights up the candles.
seb "I'll be back in a minute."
Only one menu on the table...
Everyone waits for someone else to make a move, before Merina's muzzle sprouts a sly grin.
m "My dear [name], this is your first time here, so why don't you take a look first?"
m "Then you can order everyone something."
y awkward"Uhhmmmm, wouldn't it be better if one of {b}you{/b} ordered?"
y "You know what's good around here."
o "Everyone's taste buds are different, we don't want your first experience here to be unpleasant because of a failed meal."
The shy mouse caught up to her teasing as well...
y "A-alright, I guess I will."
I open up the menu and look through.
Crap.
I don't understand a thing, what is this? French? Where are the pictures?
m "{i}*cough cough*{/i}."
m "You're holding it upside down, dear."
y simple"Oh..."
Okay, now I can actually get to ordering, just gotta get past my shame real quick.
I'm running out of time as Sebastian already approaches our table again, as if smelling my anxiety.
seb "Are you ready to order?"
Thankfully Merina saves me some time by ordering drinks for the table, a tea for Ollie and some wine for us two.
But now it's my turn.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Judging by what I know so far, what would Merina want...?
→ A satisfying salad.
→ Sebastian stops writing to give me a strong poker face, then a curious look for Merina.
→ Surf and Turf Platter.
→ Grilled fish skewers.
→ Sebastian looks at Merina for confirmation before writing further.
→ Seafood pasta.
--- END CHOICES ---

seb "And for the gentleman?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Ollie might want...
→ Pasta Primavera.
→ Of course I remember Ollie is vegetarian, I could {b}never{/b} forget that, so I chose a nice, refreshing but filling dish for him.
→ Honey Roasted Pork.
→ Sebastian raises an eyebrow at me and looks at Ollie waiting for a response.
→ Merina suppresses a giggle.
→ Stuffed mushrooms on mashed potatoes.
→ Of course I remember Ollie is vegetarian, I could NEVER forget that.
→ Pizza Margherita.
→ Of course I remember Ollie is vegetarian, I could NEVER forget that, and since he's hungry as well, this should fill him up nicely.
--- END CHOICES ---

As for my meal, I kept it simple with a nice steak, medium rare.
I'm not the biggest fan of seafood, but I can't just NOT order any, we're right next to the ocean for crying out loud, so I settled for a shrimp cocktail as well.
Sebastian walks away and Merina takes a serious demeanor.
y simple"Diiid I do something wrong?"
m "[name]."
m "At this moment, the Sorcery Shard has not one, but two recommended students in it."
m "So I just want to make sure I stress this enough."
m "Do not run around with your head in the sky and chest forward, your title should not be boasted about."
y simple"I wasn't planning on it."
y "Unless I did that without realizing?"
m "No, you did not, that's why I want to congratulate and thank you for it."
m "We've only known you for a day, and yet, I have a feeling we'll get along far better than expected."
Her gentle smile comes back.
m "Excuse me for a moment."
m "I need to powder my nose."
She gets up and walks away.
o "..."
o "I'm not the only one who dislikes being around people, you know?"
y simple"Huh?"
o "Merina is elegant, and beautiful, and royal, but that doesn't mean she's approachable by just anyone."
o "Not to say she's some kind of snob, far from it."
o "She likes to make sure people are trustworthy and kind enough to be around her real friends as well as herself."
y s"Huh."
y "You speak very confidently about her."
o "D-do I?"
y "I can see why you like her."
o "Y-yea... just no, uhm, not in that way."
y "Not romantically?"
o "No no."
m "What is that about romance I'm hearing?"
m "Gossiping with the king of tea, are you [name]?"
y "You came back fast."
Her black nose has a very thin layer of powder across the whole surface.
She meant that literally.
y "Nothing like that, funny thing, I was just asking Ollie here-"
I glance at him to see if I should perhaps stop talking and not divulge our conversation, but he seems to be okay with it.
y sadsmile"Asking him if you two have any romantic feelings of some sort, sorry if it's a bit sudden, I might've had the wrong impression at first."
m "Ah, no big deal, I agree that from the side that might look like it, me being so motherly over him."
m "But that's how I treat most of my friends."
m "Ollie is as straight as the fourth of July, after all."
He rubs the back of his head and chuckles.
o "Pretty accurate."
un "I bet he's a freak."
m "As for me, I'm more fit for the ladies, but I wouldn't say no to any partner that deems themselves worthy."
y smug"I see, good for you, never settle for less."
She pops open the wine bottle Sebastian brought.
Crimson, dark, floral wine.
Strong alcohol feel, yet very fruity.
Our orders come one by one as well, and everyone seems satisfied with the meal.
For half an hour we discuss Shard related things, the life of a new year inside it, to be more precise.
About other leaders, other friends, teachers etc.
I remember to ask about my dorm, and Merina gives me my keycard, as well as the lunch and dinner card.
Not sure why it doesn't cover breakfast either...
I also remember my things are still inside the academy, so they're going to make Tate bring them to me in the morning.
I found out Merina can't handle her alcohol at all, so even if we drank only half a wine bottle between the two of us, she is definitely tipsy.
She even starts to flirt with Sebastian, the server, as he passes by.
She's frightfully bad at it, having poetic lines such as...
m "Your skeletal structure must be immaculate because your posture is simply spine-tinglingly perfect! You've got the support of a well-aligned vertebral column and the grace of a ballet dancer. It's anatomically impressive!"
Thankfully, she's one of the most beautiful women I've even seen, so we all know sexual comments coming from her can not be considered harassment.
Anyone else would be put on a list.
Although {i}'sexual'{/i} is a bit of a reach...her words are edging on creepy.
Ollie is a bit embarrassed about the way she acts, but not concerned, it must be a somewhat normal occurrence.
Sebastian reassures us that she's always very well behaved, she just gets very attached to anatomy when she's like this.
In any case, the atmosphere here is far thinner than the moment we sat down, so maybe I can talk about more personal stuff.
They both told me before about their hobbies outside work and school, so maybe I should occupy one of them by talking about that.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Who's hobbies should I show an interest in?
→ Ollie's potion making.
→ I decide to let the fox do what she wants as long as nobody is bothered by her.
→ Right now she's busy sucking on some prawn shells.
→ His ears lean back and he readjusts his glasses.
→ Unfortunately, there are absolutely countless ways to use those in lewd scenarios, but I better not corrupt the mouse's mind...
→ I'm not going to force him to tell me every detail of his life, although I could definitely listen to it all...
→ Merina's art.
→ Ollie seems to be lost in the steam of his tea that is fogging up his glasses.
→ Her expression softens as she gets lost in thought.
→ Instead of disturbing her, I take the silence in as well, living a short, quiet moment.
--- END CHOICES ---

Our plates and cups now empty, the candles almost burned out and the moons rising higher in the night's sky.
I'm tired...
We all agree that it is time to end our little meeting, which at this point, really feels like more than just dinner...
Merina and Ollie pay for the meal, and I make sure to thank them profoundly for the treat.
I think they thanked me for my company again? Or perhaps told me to fuck off and get lost.
It could've been anything, since my mind was not able to focus on words.
We part ways for the time being, waving goodbye to Sebastian as well.
The walk to my dorm is a bit of a blur as well, my eyes cloudy and droopy.
I didn't do much today, except talk and walk, yet, can't say I wouldn't be grateful to finally be close to sleep.