un bored"So what's the plan, just stand here and babysit the mouse?"
y smug"I was thinking of something a bit more fun."
un tease"Ooooh."
un "I can feel your heart doing an evil laughter."
un "What's the plan?"
un "We're gonna kill him?"
y confused"What? No."
y"What is wrong with you?"
un eyeroll"I'm just bored, give me a break."
y simple"It's just..."
y"You know... I've never been with someone smaller than me..."
y smug"I feel like I could just pick him up and carry him with me like a handbag."
un bored"That implies you had a bigger partner at some point, and I see no memories of such a thing."
y bored"Okay, maybe I didn't have ANY partners, but still..."
un "The cat is smaller than you."
y pf"Just slightly, and he's definitely stronger, did you see those abs?"
un "Touche."
un simple"Are you going to try to court the mouse then?"
y smug"Perhaps."
un tease"I can feel your instincts sharpening just thinking about it, and honestly?"
un "I'm all for it."
un suspicious"Where is the little scamp?"
As if summoned by Scribbles' words, a small shadow passes by the door.
Ollie's face peaks in the room and looks around.
I'm assuming he's looking for Merina, but since she's gone, he turns his tail and walks away.
y "Hey, Oliver!"
y surprised"Wha-"
y surprised"He's trying to get away!"
un ang"After him!"
un "Nobody escapes lust!"
y surprised"Hey!"
y "Hey, Oliver, wait up!"
o "O-oh, hi, uhm, have you seen Merina?"
y simple"Yeah, she had some business to take care of."
y "She'll be busy for a while."
o "ah."
o "Ok then."
He walks away in a hurry again, trying to lose us through the hallways.
y smug"I'm not giving up that easily."
y s"Where are you going?"
y "Mind if I come?"
y "We should stick together for no reason in particular, don't you think?"
o "Nope."
Damn it he's fast.
I know he's on the shy side, so I'll just try to follow close behind, from a distance.
un bored"I'm sure that won't make him anxious at all."
Each step of mine has to be bigger and bigger, since his power walking is getting faster and stiffer.
Then, out of the blue, he starts jogging.
un bored"I think a stranger twice your size following you is a good enough reason to jog."
At this point, papers start to fall from his shaky arms.
y surprised"You're littering!"
y angry"Hey! Get your ass back here!"
un squint"Easy on the wording tiger, he might need context for that request."
His small steps become even more rapid, and his fist swings harder back and forth.
These seem important.
I quicken my pace as well, making sure to collect whatever he's dropping.
un suspicious"I don't think you should be shouting anything about his ass while chasing him with nobody else around."
He's smart enough to understand what I mean, he has glasses.
un bored"Academic smarts is not the same as street smarts."
Oh, what do you know about the streets, ancient, horny demon?
un bored"Just saying..."
I should probably catch up to him and give these back.
un "Fantastic idea, you should start running at full speed."
y ec"Oliver! I have something for you!"
y "I think you'll thank me once you finally turn around and take it like a good little-"
y surprised"!"
Before my jog can turn into a sprint, the mouse drops everything and starts running for his life, screaming.
So obviously I do the same, but without the screaming part.
o "PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE!"
Y angry"I CAN'T!"
o "WHY THE HELL NOT?!"
o "I PROMISE I DON'T EVEN TASTE GOOD!"
o "AND IF I DO, THERE ISN'T MUCH MEAT IN THE FIRST PLACE!"
Y "WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!"
y "I DON'T WANT TO EAT YOU!"
y "NOT LITERALLY AT LEAST!"
un bored"Yep, speak your words out loud, it is a good idea for sure, as well as all of your other ideas."
un "You made him completely delusional..."
y "MERINA TOLD ME TO LOOK AFTER YOU!"
o "NO THANK YOU!"
o"SO STOP FOLLOWING ME!"
y "THAT WAS A PROMISE, SO I CAN'T JUST DO THAT!"
un "He's fast for someone with such short legs."
y "Aghh, this is getting nowhere!"
I use a speed boost on myself, at this rate, not even his quick feet can keep up, and I end up close enough to grab him.
Surprise can be seen on his face, and his feet stop moving, he finally understands my intentions.
un bored"I think that's called paralyzing terror."
This time, instead of asking a question that will get no useful response, I hold him by the shoulders and pin him to the wall.
I swear I heard a squeak when his back hit the wall.
o "C-can I help you?"
His fear seems to disappear as I hold him in front of me, and look down into his eyes.
Replaced by something else, embarrassment? Perhaps arousal?
un "Or his fear levels got so high he dissociated."
y angry"Yes, you can help me!"
y "You can do me a huge favor, and stop running for a moment and listen to me."
o "O-ok we're doing this now."
o "This is weird."
o "I feel weird."
y "Yeah, no shit, since I basically have to cage you just to talk to you."
o "Oh, I didn't think you were allowed to take my free will away, just like that."
un bored"This is totally harassment."
un "Or flirting."
un "Probably the latter, if that bulge is an erection in mousy's pants."
un "Or a self defense weapon."
He seems to have calmed down, and is now confident enough to look into my eyes.
I smile softly to show him I mean no harm.
un "{i}'Harm'{/i} might not be what he's expecting to come out of you especially with that smile."
y bored"Look, as I said, Merina wants me to look after you for a bit, so just let me shadow you."
y "You won't even know I'm here."
o "Like you were doing just now?"
y determined"Even less suspicious, I'll stay twenty feet away at all times."
y "Without running at full speed after you either."
o "Are you lying?"
y "Maybe."
o "You'll keep very close, won't you?"
y "To make sure not to lose you."
o "You'll talk all the way to our destination, won't you?"
y "Yes, that's the plan."
o "..."
o "A-alright, I suppose those conditions aren't the worst, not much I can do, it seems."
He looks at my arms against the wall on either side of him, blocking both ways out.
I think he's... blushing.
o "I'll make an exception this time, but only because you're stronger than you look."
o "You could probably carry me around as you wish, if it wasn't considered kidnapping."
y ec"Thank you, I started working on my body some time ago."
o "You're almost as strong as Merina."
y bored"ok."
un tease"Haahaa."
un "He thinks you're girly, even less than that."
y pf"Wait until you taste my meat you little-"
o "I-I'm...vegetarian, actually."
Oops, didn't mean to say that out loud.
y awkward"G-good to know?"
o "Sorry, I'm sure your meat recipe is good, but-"
y "No no, I get it, you don't have to give more reasons, I know that no means no."
o "Uhm."
o "In that case, can you let me go, at last?"
y simple"Oh, sorry."
I let go of the petite mouse and help him gather the rest of the papers my unintentional chase made him drop.
y "Hey, those files and books and... binders or whatever look heavy, and since I already gathered most of your stuff anyway, I'll just take them from you, you don't mind, right?"
o "N-no, I-"
Before he can respond I reach down and take his load.
un tease"Ha."
un "Load."
un bored"{size=20}Funny.{/size}"
o "O-oh, alright, that sure doesn't bother me at all."
o "I'll just... do something else with my hands."
As we walk further down the hall, I realize that I am technically in control of our destination, now that his stuff is in my possession.
y s"I feel like we didn't get to talk enough."
y "Because of all of Tate's problems."
o "It's ok, I don't like talking anyway."
o "..."
o "Tate..."
o "He does get into a lot of trouble, doesn't he?"
y smug"Do tell."
y "I've been here for less than a day and I already had to save him from detention, and who knows what he's up to now, outside of the barrier."
o "Yeah..."
o "Merina spends a lot of time trying to talk him out of some of his ventures."
o "Uhm."
o "My office is this way, actually."
y s"Hmm?"
y ec"Oh, I know, I just thought we'd walk the long way, since I like talking to you."
He's blushing again, good sign.
un bored"Or he's close to having a panic attack because he's being harassed by an idiot."
un curious"And how do you know where his office is anyway?"
I don't, but going in a straight line without any turns can't be the right way.
un bored"You like to let the Gods of luck and fate do all the work, don't you?"
I have an affinity for collecting powerful beings in my entourage.
un eyeroll"Bleh, you're making me sick."
un "Just continue talking to the mouse and shut up."
y ec"So what is it like being a vice leader?"
o "It's a lot of fun actually."
He brightens up at my question, this is clearly a dear subject to him.
o "I get paid in both money and extra credits to do paperwork all day, which honestly? I would do it for free."
un bored"Yet another nerd, this Shard is full of them."
y smug"I would have never guessed."
o "A-and sometimes, I steal some of Merina's work too, whenever she seems too busy to do it all."
o "I'm pretty sure she knows, since she's very smart."
o "And pretty."
o "The prettiest."
y "She sure is pretty."
y s"You two get along well, don't you?"
o "You can say that."
o"She's like... uhmm, a good... how do you say?"
y "Friend?"
o "Yes."
o "Let's go with that."
y "When did you become her vice leader?"
o "Actually, she became my leader, I was supposed to take the previous leader's place, since he graduated, but I really don't want the attention."
o "I'm embarrassed to say this, but I'm a little anxious... at times."
y surprised"No waaay, another shocking revelation."
o "Yeah..."
o "So Merina took the previous leader's place, but I don't mind being the vice leader."
o "It's fun, as I said previously."
y "Merina also mentioned you don't say a word to complete strangers or people you don't like."
o"That's right, and I think more people should-"
He looks up at me with realization in his eyes and chuckles.
o "Heh, it's funny."
o "You seem to be... different."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Different? How?
→ Look who's talking, mister {i}'sarcasm is my whole personality'{/i}.
→ He takes a couple of steps in front of me, I thought he might try to run away again, but he goes past the next hallway intersection with a couple of rapid steps.
→ Yes, haha...{b}YES{/b}, my plan is working!
→ We might've refused to round the corner, but somebody else decided to do it instead, and so we are greeted by a worried Merina, whose expression changes to excitement when she sees us.
→ She nudges me playfully, but hot people should never do that, since it has a slightly different, more potent effect on me than they think...
→ They both direct their eyes towards the window on our right, confused.
→ Thankfully, something odd was actually happening.
→ I pay closer attention to the ruckus going on on the other side of the building, on the third floor.
→ An angry mob is getting ready to throw someone out the window.
→ Before Merina can do anything, we see Dallan's and Aiden's figures fighting their way through the crowd, and helping the guy down.
→ We try to forget whatever was happening there, although numerous questions appear in my mind.
→ Merina changes the subject, diverting the attention to the pile of papers in my arms.
→ Oliver's ears sprung up.
→ She giggles, shaking her head.
→ She stops herself as she notices Oliver's piercing stare.
→ Did he glance my way at the last part?
→ Let's get a room already.
→ No kidding.
→ Oliver picks out a random room just a couple of feet further down the corridor.
→ Reading the info plank on the wall, I can see it is a laboratory, a potion lab, to be more exact.
→ I don't think he really got what I meant by {i}'getting a room'{/i}.
→ I was expecting a fiery scene, a table sweep as he jumps up on it, spreading his legs, and with an inviting flick of his tail, he'd say-
→ What?
→ Isn't that your fault?
→ You think?
→ Are you complaining about it?
→ Don't ask me, all I know is that I want it.
→ I do as he says and wait patiently for a minute, watching him mess around with some empty vials, with no intention of interacting much with me.
→ He arranges the papers I brought in, moves stools around, washes a cauldron and writes some labels for some new potion bottles.
→ In short, boring stuff I know nothing about.
→ I should do something about it.
→ Maybe he did get my hint, but he's shy.

--- CHOICES ---
→ What should I do?
→ Play dumb.
→ Clean enough for someone to bend over.
→ He jumps up on one of the tables as we speak.
→ That's more like it, better reach for me.
→ I was never good at flirting...
→ Really?
→ Thanks, this really means-
→ Alright!
→ I get it!
→ Thanks... again.
→ I hand over the binder and start looking around the room as he scribbles stuff down in it.
→ Pick him up and place him on the table.
→ After making a little room on the table near me, I approach him nonchalantly from behind, he turns around at the last moment, but without the same anxiety or worry in his eyes as before, seeing me loom over him.
→ I scoop him up by the armpits and gently raise him up, placing him on the table, as my hands rest at his sides.
→ He seems... confused.
→ He dangles his feet off the edge looking around curiously.
→ He reaches for a small bowl and some leaves, the two things nearest to him.
→ Places the leaves inside the bowl and starts to mash them into a paste.
→ As I said, this is far from my area of expertise, but I'm pretty sure those leaves were debris from the tree outside, carried by the wind through the opened window.
→ He's just trying to look busy.
→ God, he's hopeless.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I deliver my hints clearer, perhaps?
→ Give up.
→ I let go of him and take a step back, he runs his fingers on the wooden structure, looking around, not really knowing what to do.
→ Alright, maybe I read too much into it...
→ But he's so cute...
→ He reaches over and picks up some ingredients on his right, and throws them in a round bowl on his left.
→ I'm making sexual advances towards you because I like you.
→ I look down to see his feet spread apart between my legs.
→ He looks back down to our intertwined legs.
→ I take a step back, he takes his tail in hands, caressing it slowly, looking away.
--- END CHOICES ---

The door slowly creaks open, as strands of pink hair make their way in, followed by the white snout of my new leader.
Her slightly worried face lights up seeing us.
m "Hey you two!"
m "Hope I'm not interrupting."
m "I thought I'd look around in case I do somehow find you."
m "And what do you know? In the laboratory."
m "Surprising."
o "Am I still that easy to read?"
m "At least when it comes to your daily movements and everything you do in general."
y s"Want some tea?"
m "No thanks, I prefer cold beverages."
o "Iced tea?"
m "That's more like it."
Oliver searches around the cabinets, bringing a small steel kettle and a pouch of herbs.
He sets the kettle over an alcohol lamp, as we wait.
y simple"Do you hide tea blend pouches in every laboratory."
o "Not all of them, just the ones I most frequently visit."
o "Potions sometimes take hours to boil, so I keep my mind focused with a nice cup of tea."
o "This one is a lemongrass and rose blend."
Merina's attention is stolen by the pile of papers we left on the table.
m "Aren't these the reports I'm supposed to be doing tomorrow?"
Oliver's ears sprung up.
o "W-well, I thought you wouldn't mind if I just... did them for you."
o "I like graphs."
She giggles, shaking her head.
m "Whatever am I going to do with you?"
m "Do as you wish then."
o "Thank you!"
{i}*Kettle noises*{/i}
He drops the tea pouch inside the now whistling kettle, and it only takes seconds for the water to darken.
He brings back two tea cups and a taller, thick, clear glass for Merina.
He pours the tea in all of them.
The room fills with an herby aroma, the rose hints being easily picked out among the lemongrass.
No wonder the tea brewed so easily, it is strong.
o "Sugar?"
y "Two cubes please."
m "Three for me."
He stirs the sugar in with a long, thin spoon, tapping on the side of the dish when he's done, handing me one of the cups and the glass to Merina.
Didn't she agree to ice tea?
That's just regular tea in a tall glass.
She takes it from his hand with a grateful head bow, and lightly breathes on the surface.
In an instant, ice crystals start to form throughout the liquid, turning it into a very liquidy slurpy-like consistency.
Right, ice magic, should've guessed.
We sip our beverages in silence.
Meanwhile, Merina is eyeing me with her usual foxy expression.
un "Ironic."
And Oliver's mind seems to float around when his lips touch the edge of the cup.
Her gaze is not letting me stare at the petite mouse, whether that's intentional or not, I'm not sure.
After another minute, she chimes in, setting her glass down.
m "I hope he wasn't too much trouble."
m "I got a bit distracted as well because of Aiden and Dallan."
m "Their {i}'witch hunting'{/i}  incident kind of escalated."
y simple"Hope nobody was hurt."
y ec"And no, no trouble at all, we had fun, isn't that right, Oliver?"
o "..."
o "I'm older than both of you."
y "You're never too old to be cared for, especially by friends."
m "What kind of friends would we be if we don't use our intimidating height to protect you?"
y smug"And muscle."
m "Well... about that."
y pf"I have muscle..."
m "If you say so."
o "I suppose I can't be too mad at you, even if you did make [name] follow me."
m "Sorry about that, I know you don't like it, but hey, at least now you didn't end up daydreaming your way to the garden again."
o "That's a fair point."
y simple"Do you have problems concentrating, Oliver?"
o "That's precisely it."
o "I just find it hard to focus, I'm not an actual child, thank you very much."
o "When I see a color I don't usually see, a new portrait in the hallway, a new face walking past me, I can't help but lose focus on what I'm doing."
m "Unleeess?"
o "..."
o "Unless Merina is around."
m "Yep, glad to be your anchor."
y sadsmile"That's so sweet."
o "Well, I think you're now not the only one with that kind of effect on me."
m "What do you-"
m "Oh, I see."
m "That's a relief."
m "So you did get along just fine, more than I anticipated."
o "Did you plan all of this?"
m "Some of it, and more."
m "Hopefully the 'more' happens soon."
Redness engulfs his cheeks.
y "I am confused, but happy to be part of this."
m "Don't you worry bout a thing, [name]."
She directs her head towards the window, which now provides less light than when we first came in.
This might also be the first time she stopped looking at me since she arrived.
m "The sun is going down, we should probably get a move on."
y simple"Already?"
y "It feels like we just started talking."
o "I'm surprised as well."
m"Time flies when you're having fun."
m "Hey, Ollie, do you think we should..."
She gestures towards me with her eyes only.
o "Hmm?"
o "Oh."
o "Oh yes, I think we could."
o "In fact, I'd love it... or at least like it."
y "What is that about?"
m "Well, [name], are you hungry?"
I now realize I haven't eaten anything all day, my lunch still in my backpack.
I doubt I should still eat those ham sandwiches after this warm, sunny afternoon...
y ec"Ravenous."
o "Then come with us."
o "I mean, in like, half an hour."
o "It's Tuesday, so we usually like to go to this semi fancy restaurant by the shore in the evening."
m "Our treat, of course, consider it thanks for your time."
m "You helped Tate, then us, it's only fair."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I accept the invitation?
→ Yes.
→ No.
→ Oliver's ears drop a little, but Merina's sly gaze softens.
→ She dips her head with a serene smile.
--- END CHOICES ---

Merina gathers Oliver's papers carrying them in his stead, but lets him keep the red binder.
Just so the little critter has something to do with his hands.
With that, they walk away, smiling at each other.
Y smug"The beauty and the handsome."
y "Marvelous pair."
un simple"What now?"
un "You've got half an hour, and no preparation is needed."
y s"I think I'll go try to find Tate, hopefully he's back by now."
un bored"How would you know where he is?"
un "He teleports around, he could literally be anywhere."
y "I'll just wait in the front garden, if he comes back to the academy I'll see him, if not, maybe I'll find Dallan or Aiden, at least."
y "Worst case scenario, I spend half an hour in a beautiful garden."
Thankfully, the worst is not coming just yet, as I see a broom come down from the sky, and who else uses a broom than my favorite cat in the world?
un bored"If he were your favorite cat, you would not have ditched him."
Shush, voice of reason inside my head.
Tate did not notice me yet, but he does have an excited expression on.
y "Hey!"
y "Tate!"
y "Over here!"
He turns around surprised, and makes his way towards me with a half smile.
Or more like a relieved one, I should say.
t "Hi again, spare signature."
y simple"Is... that the title I have?"
y "Spare signature?"
t "Well, you would've had a better one, if you came with me earlier."
y awkward"Sorry... I'm not sure I had my priorities straight."
y s"So how was it?"
y "Your little escapade?"
y "You seemed happy when you landed."
t "Once again, it would've been better with you there, probably."
t "But I did have fun."
t "As for why exactly I'm in this good mood despite my traitor friend-"
y bored"You're never gonna let this go, are you?"
t "Nope."
t "As I was saying, I can't disclose my secret just yet, but I sure as hell want to, sooner or later!"
y smug"I'll wait patiently for any juicy secrets coming my way then."
t "Speaking of secrets, would you be so kind as to disclose what dorm building you were assigned in?"
t "Considering you spend the whole day with Merina and Oliver, you must know."
y simple"..."
y "I..."
y pf"Kinda completely forgot about that..."
t "Seriously?"
t "The whole day just wasted like that? It would've been the perfect opportunity to ask."
y sad"I know! I'm stupid..."
t "Maybe it's for the best, since I forgot as well."
y bored"Then why are you the one lecturing me?!"
t "Hey, I was busy, alright?!"
t "So let's not point fingers and go ask Merina about those dorm rooms."
t "Who knows, maybe we'll be neighbors!"
y simple"Where do you usually sleep, if not a dorm room?"
t "What kind of question is that?"
t "Obviously, my hou-"
t "Oh."
t "She told you, didn't she?"
y "A little bit, yes."
t "Well, for your information, I do have a home, but even so, I prefer to camp out most of the time."
t "I like nature and freedom."
y s"That's not very surprising."
t "Shall we go find them then?"
t "Before it's too late."
y"Actually, about Merina, I think she's a little busy."
t "How would you know?"
t "Or WHAT do you know, exactly?"
y awkward"Well, as you know, I've spent some time with her and Ollie."
t "Ah, so those two are just sooo much more fun to hang around than me, huh?"
t "Rub it in."
y worried"It's not like that."
t "No no, I get it."
t "Ollie, huh?"
t "What happened to {i}'Oliver'{/i}?"
t "Already fucked him?"
y "Hey!"
y "That's not fair."
un "Not yet at least."
y simple"Look, I promise that next time, I'll be ready for whatever you have in mind."
y "Maybe something that doesn't involve too much danger?"
y sadsmile"Deal?"
He seems to light up a little after a second of thinking.
t "Fine..."
t "So, where is she?"
y s"She's getting ready to go to dinner with Oliver."
y "I predict... an hour and a half from now she should be free?"
t "Then we're just gonna have to wait for them to finish their fancy dinner, huh?"
y awkward"Actually..."
t "Dear Lord."
t "They invited you too, didn't they?"
y "Yes."
t "Well, don't let me stop you then."
y simple"You're not jealous, are you?"
t "Me?"
t "Jealous?"
t "I might just be, and what's wrong with that? They're stealing my hunter partner!"
t "But if you already told them yes, then you should go."
t "And while you're at it, find out what our rooms are, would you?"
y simple"Will do."
y "Although, where should I find you after?"
t "I'll find you."
y "oh, ok."
t "Have fun on your date."
With a scuff, he teleports away.
y sadsmile"D-date?"
y"It's not a date... is it?"
un "I'm not sure what counts as a {i}'date'{/i} these days."
un "In my time, we would go hunting barehanded, then we would exchange the prey with each other as gifts."
un "The one with the biggest catch got to top."
What if it's a male and female?
un "Did I stutter?"
Seems complicated.
Thankfully flowers and chocolate is where our tradition ends.
t "Wait, they didn't invite you too, did they?"
y awkward"They did, actually."
t "Dear Lord..."
y s"But I refused."
He looks surprised.
t "Why?"
t "Don't you want to score more {i}'good boy'{/i} points with the important people?"
y "They're not as important as you."
y "I thought I'd wait for you, then we can go to dinner together."
y "I don't like fancy meals anyway."
His surprise turns to an embarrassed smirk.
t "I wouldn't say I'm MORE important, but I'm glad you didn't completely cast me aside just yet."
t "Well then what are we waiting for?"
t "Let's go!"
d "Hey, wait up!"
As soon as Tate takes my hand to leave, two familiar faces come through the main door.
They look pretty beaten up, despite Dallan's excitement.
y simple"Hey... what happened to you two?"
a "Just Shard leaders problems."
d "Yeah... I don't want to talk about it too much right now."
t "Maybe you can tell us about it over dinner?"
d "Now we're talking."
a "I am pretty exhausted, so I suppose I'll come with."
t "Nice, got the whole group back together."
I need to be more decisive, so here it goes, final decision.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Do I get something for the occasion?
→ Yes, flowers.
→ The other side of town, opposite to the academy, is colorful, lively and full of lights at this hour, while over here... most people are asleep and stores seem nonexistent.
→ I follow Scribble's directions, arriving in front of said stores, they look quite inviting, bright, with friendly signs saying things like 'Enter Blossom City', 'A Flower can Say it Better' or 'Search No More, We're Here!
→ I open the door to the flower shop, triggering some wind chimes that alerts the owner that customers arrived.
→ He walks in the back, mumbling to himself, and reappears moments later with two bouquets.
→ I take out the money from my backpack and hand it to the man, but find it hard to let go when his hand touches the bills.
→ Doubt I have the money to afford more 'date ideas'...
→ And so, with flowers in hand, I go meet them at the location we agreed on, it should be about time.
→ Yes, chocolate.
→ The other side of town, opposite to the academy, is colorful, lively and full of lights at this hour, while over here... most people are asleep and stores seem nonexistent.
→ I follow Scribble's directions, arriving in front of said stores, they look quite inviting, bright, with friendly signs saying things like 'Enter Blossom City', 'A Flower can Say it Better' or 'Search No More, We're Here!
→ I open the door to the general shop, triggering a bell that alerts the owner customers arrived.
→ I walk out moments later with two small boxes of chocolate, on which I payed a reasonable amount, considering how expensive these type of assorted boxes tend to get.
→ With the boxes in hand, I make my way to our agreed meeting place, it should be about time.
→ No, it's not a date.
→ Condoms... question mark.
→ Condoms it is then, might throw in some lube as well, I'm feeling generous.
→ I follow Scribbles' directions, arriving in front of a small, but inviting store.
→ In the store window, there's a sign.
→ {i}'Condoms, lubricants and various toys on sale for 20%% off'{/i}
→ I open the door, a small bell alerting the owner of a customer's presence.
→ He presents a heart shaped box, with a transparent roof, making the contents easily visible.
→ A layer of condoms, twenty five, to be more exact, if the indications on the box are correct, with a generous bottle of lube resting in the middle.
→ I take out a twenty out of my backpack and hand it to the owner.
→ He seems a little confused and hesitant to hand me the box.
→ I turn around and crouch below the counter.
→ Psst, Scribbles.
→ Right, this is a long shot, but do you think you can get some money?
→ Do it do it do it do it, in the name of lust, please please please!
→ I feel my pant pocket fill up the next moment, reaching in, I find dozens of bills of different values, four hundred in total!
→ Awesome!
→ Without questioning anything else, I hand the man the money, but make sure to give him a sour look when I get out.
→ As I start walking towards the exit, with the box in hand, I can't help but wonder...
→ The actual dirty thoughts overwrite the guilt, and I continue my walk with a light heart.
--- END CHOICES ---

The moons are both out and shining, being covered by the occasional cloud, leaving the many stars as the only source of light, save for the scattered street lamps.
Although there are still a couple of minutes left until the meeting deadline, a fox and a mouse stand by the fountain in the center of the plaza, noticing me as I approach.
y ec"Hey!"
y "You both look really nice."
o "T-thanks."
m "Thank you, it's no big deal, this is our usual dinner style."
m "I admit that most of us students are wearing quite the avant-garde clothes."
m "Not you though, you're very normal."
un "She's calling you boring."
No she's not, shut up.
y s"I didn't keep you two waiting too long, did I?"
m "We just got here, actually."
o "Our preparation time estimate was a bit overreached, to say the least."
m "Now that we're all here, why not get there earlier, you must be starving, [name]."
y "You can say that twice."
y "Just a second before that."
y sadsmile"Uhm, I just thought I'd get you both a little something, to thank you for your time."
I hand them each one of the chocolate boxes, which surprises them more than I thought.
Even Merina is reluctant to accept at first, but welcomes it in the end, Ollie following her example, but red as a beet.
m "This is...very thoughtful of you, thank you."
o "T-thanks..."
y blush"It's nothing, I like you both so it's the least I can do to show my appreciation."
Somehow I created a warm but also awkward atmosphere with my gesture.
Ollie is the most grateful for my gift, since now he has something to clutch in his arms, instead of his usual papers.
un "Pretty sure they're just flustered they just got date gifts all of a sudden."
You might be right... Still, it was definitely the right move.
y "Just a second before that."
y "Uhm, I just thought I'd get you both a little something, to thank you for your time."
I hand Merina the rose bouquet and the wild flowers to Ollie, which surprises them more than I thought