.
d "Let's see if those fighting lessons I gave you paid off."
Without having to get a response from Dallan, I can safely assume that those lessons worked wonders.
The large, muscular wolf is finding it hard to get a grip on the small, lithe and agile cat, running circles around him and managing to score some very nice hits.
If that were me, or even Aiden, those kicks and claw strikes would hurt.
Unfortunately, It barely affects Dallan...his pelt is thick and the muscles are not just for show.
Their fight is another hint that we're in the midst of a losing battle, but hey, maybe we can still impress the Headmaster and entertain the crowd.
Back to my side...
Unlike Dallan, this tiger did not agree to a non magical fight, but what he did decide on his own, is that he's going to toy with me as much as he can...
I try to touch him or grab him, but he dodges like a phantom, literally.
Phasing through me or turning body parts into smoke whenever I come even close to contact.
His dance was not just a metaphor, grabbing my wrists and waist, twirling me around and even catching me before I fall and putting me back on my feet.
Is there also a dance where your partner grabs your ass with both hands and squeezes like a fresh batch of slime or bubble wrap?
No? Yeah, that's what I thought.
y hurt"Damn you..."
a "What?"
a "I didn't draw blood so far, you should be thankful."
y "That's it!"
Scribbles, do the thing.
un "On it."
The sand around me suddenly shoots up as I slam my foot in the ground.
The sand is moved by Scribbles' wind spell, but my foot slam should make it so, for the crowd, it appears like I did it.
The move takes Aiden by surprise, since in his eyes, I'm a lightning mage or something.
I then dash towards him through the sand, appearing in the tiger's face.
With yet another spell from Scribbles, I throw a mighty punch in his chest, making him fly and tumble out of the arena.
Of course, my happiness was short-lived, as his body turns to sand and a voice speaks from behind me.
a "Good trick, my turn."
y surprised"!"
He once again grabs my wrists, but this time, instead of a dance move, he holds both my arms above my head with one hand, then, to my surprise, falls over me.
Pinning my hands to the ground, light shackles sprouting from the sand holding them there.
He then gets on his knees and raises my feet in the air, so that there is basically no way for me to hurt him, not with hands, nor with feet.
I wonder if my partner had better luck than m-
t "..."
t "Hey..."
y simple"Hey..."
The cat is being held just a couple of feet from me, in Dallan's arms, completely immobilized without a sweat.
t "How did it happen?"
y "Tango into sexual harassment..."
y "You?"
t "Inspirational quotes into bear grab..."
d "Sorry Tate, your fighting is actually really good, it's a shame you got paired up against someone that finds those moves more annoying than threatening."
t "Were you impressed though?"
d "Very, you put some nice spins on them."
d "I did not see anyone do an uppercut from ABOVE me, wow."
d "And, ermm, Aiden?"
a "He was a bit of trouble for me as well."
a "So I had to put him in jail."
d "Yeah, but... do you have to hold him like that?"
a "What do you mean?"
a "I studied him closely both at auditions and while fighting, and concluded that all, or at least most of his powers come from his hands and feet, so I'm making sure he can't use them."
The two guys look at him unimpressed, while I only now realized how awkward this stance really is.
Aiden's big hands are holding my thighs, or you could just say my ass, at this point, with the rest of his body standing above me, looking directly at it.
d "Not cool Aiden."
t "Can't you keep it in your pants for one battle?"
a "I don't get it, what's wrong with what I'm doing?"
d "Look at him, he's totally defenseless!"
a "So is the cat!"
t "At least Dallan doesn't look like he's going to take a bite out of my ass or stick some fingers in whenever he feels like it."
t "[name]'s pants are the only thing keeping your tongue from his hole."
a "If Dallan took his dick out he could stick it in you in the blink of an eye!"
d "{i}*GASP*{/i}"
d "I would NEVER do that to Tate, not without his consent!"
a "AND I WOULD?!"
t "Yeah."
d "Most likely."
y blush2"{size=20}Please?{/size}"
y awkward"I-I mean, how awful..."
a "NO! I WOULD NOT!"
The crowd is cheering on, even though they can't hear our conversation, while the Headmaster continues watching.
t "Prove it."
a "What?"
t "Let him go to prove you're not doing it just to get a look and feel of his sweet, juicy ass."
y bored"Easy on the adjectives."
d "Yeah, prove it."
a "DALLAN!"
d "What? I truly believe a less sexual pose could've been chosen."
a "It's a trap!"
a "Obviously they want us to let go, so they can continue fighting."
a "As it stands now, they're going to lose as soon as the bell rings, in about four minutes."
d "Oooohh."
d "You're right, they are a mischievous pair."
a "Yeah, no shit."
t "Well, it was worth a try."
y sadsmile"It's been a pleasure fighting alongside you, partner."
t "Aye, same here, partner."
y "I guess the battle is over."
y "Would you like to do the honor of ending it?"
t "It would be my pleasure."
a "What are you two talk-"
In the blink of an eye, the cat disappears with a flash of blue light from the wolf's grasp.
Reappears near Aiden, touches him, and teleports away again, taking him with.
In less than a second, the tiger's feet went from being tucked away near me, to outside of the arena, while his kidnapper's feet are still inside.
The cat then lets go, leaving the confused tiger to fall on his ass in the sand, out of the match.
The crowd was silent, I was silent, Dallan was still looking at his empty arms perplexed.
The cat wipes a dribble of sweat from his forehead and rearranges his hood, turning towards the announcement tower with a grin.
ch "ERMMM..."
ch "IT APPEARS THAT... THE SLAYER'S VICE LEADER USED AN ILLUSION SPELL TO TRICK HIS OPPONENTS INTO THINKING THEY WON!"
ch "R-RIGHT?"
ch "{size=20}Dallan?{/size}"
Dallan looks again at the flabbergasted tiger, still laying in the sand, then looks at Chelsie and shakes his head.
ch "N-NO?"
ch "THEN, THE SCORE SO FAR IS ONE TO ZERO IN FAVOR OF... THE FIRST YEARS?"
Among the silence, one loud laugh echoes throughout the arena, a mature and deep laugh, coming from Chelsie's side.
The Headmaster enjoyed our half victory.
Following his lead, the people start to applaud and cheer and laugh and scream.
d "But...how?"
d "Aiden's spell never failed, for years and years."
d "We always stopped you from teleporting whenever necessary, you couldn't possibly have been faking its effects all this time."
y smug"{i}*cough cough*{/i}"
d "[name]?"
y "Yeah, a little less known thing about me, I can get rid of that spell pretty easily."
a "A cancellation spell can be nullified by another one of the same kind..."
y "Yep."
d "But, he didn't snap."
y "No, but Aiden did."
d "What?"
t "I came into the arena with my teleportation already missing, so when Aiden snapped, I got it back."
d "Then why not use it from the start?"
t "It wouldn't work on you, and if I targeted Aiden, he would just replace his body with something else, I couldn't possibly touch him in time."
d "So you gave us a false sense of victory, making him get flustered on top of that."
t "Bingo."
y "We knew he'll try something lewd against me, even if not on purpose."
d "{i}That's all fun and all, but what was the point?{/i}" with longdissolve
t "W-what do you mean?"
d "You will not win against me, so your efforts still remain meaningless."
d "{b}Except now, I'll have to be a bit more serious.{/b}"
The cat rejoins me, to get ready for this one vs two.
Dallan takes off his jacket, revealing muscles I didn't know people could develop, and his pelt growing thicker.
He takes the bandanna he always carries around his waist, and ties it around his eyes.
un "So that's not just a fashion item."
y simple"Uhm, what is he doing?"
t "As far as I know, it makes all his senses incredibly sharp."
t "Whatever it does, I know there is no way to win a one on one fight against him in that state."
y smug"Good thing we're a team then."
t "Are you sure you can handle it?"
y determined"Yes, if he catches you, then it's game over, I can easily get out."
I hope.
t "Alright, win, so that we can brag about winning to those Wild Furs."
y smug"Oh, we will, even if it will be dirty."
With these final good lucks and Dallan's finished transformation, the cat runs on the other side of the arena, where he'll be safe, waiting his turn.
d "Are you sure you don't need help, [name]?"
y determined"His magic doesn't work on you, so for now, it's better he stays there."
d "I'm guessing he'll just teleport away if I try to go for him."
y "Precisely."
d "Then I'm sorry, I have to end this quickly."
He extends his hand towards me, then my vision becomes a translucent gold color, as I'm being trapped in a box.
y "Yeah, I expected this."
y "Let's see how this will work."
The box starts moving rapidly towards the edge of the arena, so I touch two of the cube's sides, and think about sucking it off more than I ever fantasized about anybody.
To my surprise, it takes less than a second for the walls to crack and shatter, letting me jump right out, before my body leaves the arena.
Dallan looks impressed, stunned, shocked, amazed.
d "I didn't know you could do that."
d "Haima's been the only one who ever shattered my barriers that easily."
d "No wonder you're a recommended student."
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
He tries to repeat the move twice more, but I get out even quicker with each attempt.
The original plan was that my friend will teleport me on top of Dallan as many times as it takes, until I get to touch him enough to break his barrier.
But a particular demon had another idea, so we can conserve the cat's energy.
un "Now, after absorbing his spells, try to use your own energy powers."
I do as he says, channeling energy into my feet, alongside some more speed enchantments.
Meanwhile, Dallan switches his tactics, hitting me from below, from the side, from above, from everywhere with magic shields that disappear as fast as they appear, not letting me touch them.
y hurt"Ow- who knew that-OUCH-shields can hurt-FUCK-that much!?"
I dodge as many as I can and the rest, I either try to outrun or ignore.
Easier said than done.
Each strike, a new bruise, each step forward means heavier, more desperate attacks from Dallan.
Until my advances are stopped completely, in favor of defending the numerous attacks.
un eyeroll"This just goes to show that no amount of magical powers would even make you win."
un "At least you looked less pathetic than you would've looked otherwise."
y "I-am-not-done-yet."
A shield sweeps my legs while others hit me from the side.
Before realizing the continuous blows managed to push me, step by step towards the edge of the arena again.
Despite everything, this wolf still doesn't want to hurt me more than he has to.
If I were a Nightfallen, one of those shields would've smashed my head into little pieces a long time ago.
This is not how this was supposed to go.
The plan was that he'd stop attacking after a while.
un bored"You showed off too much, now he considers you worthy."
Damn it.
I watched Dallan from a distance, he took a couple of steps back, removing any progress I made running until now.
His face beneath the eye cover shows...no emotions.
He's not enjoying this, he's not regretting this, he's just doing it because this is expected of him.
Just a determined face...
A face, that is now...
Two inches from my muzzle?
d "!"
y smug"Got you."
I grab onto him with all my grip strength, enchanting my ability to do so as well. I am NOT letting this opportunity slip, as I rotate my body so I'm attached to his back.
d "How did you-"
I start sucking him off, real hard.
That is not how I should've expressed that thought.
I can't be certain, but I believe my cat partner decided to ignore our plan, and shoot a teleportation ball towards me.
un "Yes, you were just about to leave the arena, so he saved your ass."
The reason why I never wanted something like that, was because Dallan would've blocked the spell.
Fortunately, he was too busy making sure not to accidentally kill me or let me go, so there wasn't time to focus on anyone else.
The wolf struggles to reach me, although I'm not as agile as my friend, I'm still small and flexible, so that is proving difficult for him.
More shields, turned projectiles hit me from all sides, but I take advantage of Dallan's pacifistic nature once again, confident I'll be alright.
At last, Dallan decides to take the most effective, but dangerous counter measure he has, which he should've used from the start.
That is, falling over me.
I can see my life flash before my eyes as this mountain of a man topples over, as I brace for impact.
I served as a good sacrificial pawn.
The barrier protecting him from all magic is now broken.
Goodbye, cruel world, at least I won against a leader, yes, he only used about twenty percent of his power, but still.
un "So dramatic for no reason."
I close my eyes in my last moments.
Then open them, with the most handsome, smiling angel looking down on me.
y hurt2"Huh?"
t "Look."
I lay in my friend's arms, as he points towards our second opponent, sitting on his ass right next to the tiger that still hasn't recovered from the shock.
d "My..."
d "My barrier...was destroyed?"
d "But..."
d "But no..."
y surprised"Don't tell me-"
t "We won, yes."
He helps me up by one shoulder, the shield strikes proving to have done a lot more damage than I thought, but I manage to stand with his help.
t "{i}*Cough Cough*{/i}"
t "In case the audience didn't catch up yet..."
He raises a fist in the air.
t "{size=70}WE WON, BITCHEEEEEEES!{/size}"
The dead silent crowd keeps quiet for at least a couple more seconds.
ch "..."
ch "WELL?"
ch "YOU HEARD THE CAT!"
ch "THEY WON, BITCHEEEEEEEES!!!"
Among the loud crowd, the Headmaster's full on belly laughter can be heard clearly.
y smug"Do you still think you're an unlucky person?"
t "Yes, because now I know for sure, all my luck was exhausted the day I met you."
He jumps to hug me, big mistake considering my sorry state.
But that did not matter, nothing can ruin this moment for us.
We walk back in the crowd, being congratulated by dozens of strangers, some asking how we did it, others asking how we got so good so quickly.
One answer.
The power of friendship and teamwork!
No, it is not childish or cliché, since this time, our bond and teamwork really did do the dream work.
The groups of strangers are being pushed aside by our friends.
Rose and Coal are the first ones to appear like rockets, telling us how amazing we are and how cool we looked, before running off to whatever business they had to attend to.
Merina and Oliver were next, the fox was a little too excited that we beat Aiden, specifically, while the mouse used all his strength to congratulate us with all the anxiety inside him.
All this time, Chelsie is busy closing out the battles, while her announcement partner makes his way towards us.
Unlike the first two days here, surprisingly, his presence does not intimidate either of us anymore.
h "What a performance."
h "Winning against a leader and a vice leader as first years."
h "Shouldn't be too surprised, since you did make a point about managing the impossible with that list."
t "Why thank you, sir."
y sadsmile"To be fair, I'm pretty sure Dallan didn't go all out, not even close."
h "I do not doubt that."
h "I'm new around here as well, but I know that man's talent."
t "I bet you feel really stupid trying to give me detention, huh?"
y angry"Shutupyouidiot!"
h "I'll bat my ears at this one, for the sake of your victory."
h "It was a very amusing match."
h "Carry on this way and I foresee a bright future for the both of you."
He walks away satisfied.
t "Sheesh, finally, we managed to impress him."
y bored"And it only took {b}two{/b} miracles."
t "Speaking of two miracles, they're coming towards us right now."
t "Hey, you'll protect me against Aiden if anything, right?"
y smug"I won't let anyone touch you."
t "After this battle, I actually believe you can do it."
The two guys approach us way less angry than they entered the arena, in fact, they're smiling.
People around watch them attentively while getting out of their way.
a "Well."
a "That just happened."
d "You guys..."
d "WERE AMAZING!"
Dallan takes us both into a big hug, reaching his arm towards Aiden and trapping him as well.
a "Why am I being congratulated?"
d "Because you did a great job as well."
y awkward"To be fair, we only won with cheap tricks."
t "Nah, nothing about you is cheap, Dallan is right, we were awesome."
a "I have to agree with everyone here."
a "You did good."
a "Our failure could've been avoided if only we took you more seriously, but that's a lesson for us in the future."
d "Yes, even if we didn't go all out, you can be sure we won't underestimate you in the future."
d "Besides, teleportation canceling and blocking you in a cage are cheap moves as well."
d "When we fight in the arena, I can't really use my trump card, since I'd probably destroy half the town, haha."
y pf"{size=20}Just what {b}can{/b} you do, exactly?{/size}"
t"We all have our special moves."
a "I still can't believe I didn't see that plot twist coming."
d "[name] is full of surprises."
t "You have no idea."
t "Now, we should probably get going, you know, so we don't miss the thing?"
y s"Oh right, the thing."
a "What thing?"
d "You two have been so mysterious since you met each other."
d "How long will we be left in the shadows for?"
t "It's not my fault nobody ever wanted to go on adventures with me."
a "The last {i}'adventure'{/i} you took me to was worm hunting."
t "The worms ended up being great bait!"
a "You didn't even fish, you just kept screaming at the edge of the lake about how disgusting fishing is, scaring away all the fish..."
t "Details, details."
t "What's important is that now I have a real, important and fun thing to attend to because of [name]."
t "So if you'll excuse us."
d "Good luck wherever you're heading to then."
a "And Tate...bring back [name] safe, or we'll have problems."
a "Make sure to respond to our texts as well, if you're outside the barrier for long."
t "Alright, mom."
y ec"Bye guys, might see you for dinner later!"
I wait a minute, trying to struggle free.
Another minute passes, I plead my way out, but it fails.
Yet another one, I wait for a miracle to happen.
Then... the fourth.
No more ideas come to mind, Scribbles can't help in a discreet way, we're both being pinned down, in very sexual positions, mind you.
All that's left is to be proud we got this far, against a leader and vice leader.
At last, the bell rings, signaling the end of the match.
The rest of our time there was a bit of a blur.
I am grateful to our friends that instead of completely murdering us, or hurting us in any way, they simply waited out the timer.
In their words: {i}'Hope you had time to think about this match while you were being held captive.'{/i}
We sure did...don't bring a toothpick to a gun fight...
I was disappointed in myself, and sad that I couldn't bring my friend to victory.
To be fair, it was a long shot.
A veeeeeery long shot.
The Headmaster's previous curious gaze turns back to apathy once our loss is established.
At least our friends expressed their sympathy, and congratulated us on doing a good job regardless.
They truly believe that if it were anyone else other than them, we could've won.
I mean...yeah, anyone that doesn't cancel teleportation and/or is immune to magic would've been great...
Coal and Rose were first to come by, being quick as rockets, since they're going to be late for something, whatever it was.
Then Merina and Oliver, followed by Aiden and Dallan.
I didn't even feel like I was in a battle.
Nothing hurts, other than my pride.
We say our goodbyes, and that's as far as my mind feels like remembering.
Something way more exciting than the pity party for our loss is about to happen, so why use brain storage for that?