.
ku "Hey, [name], how old are you?"
y confused"Huh? Why?"
ku "Just tell me."
y "Nineteen? You know that."
ku "Are you sure?"
ku "I thought it was more like ninety, judging by your stiff, unmoving body."
ku "Come ooon, move those juicy hips!"
y bored"You're the one talking, just standing on Ruth's shoulders like that, all you're doing is throw your hands in the air."
ku "Pff, at least I have a pair to dance with."
ku "Eureka, do you dance?"
eu "Only if I have a pair."
He glances at me, shuffling his feet and batting his eyelashes.
y bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
y "I guess I didn't come here {i}NOT{/i} to have fun."
y smug"Would you give me the honor of hurling your limbs around in sync with mine?"
eu "It would be my pleasure."
ku "WOOHOOO!"
I would like to say I danced like a professional, that my moves were unmatched, but something even better happened.
It might be hard to believe, but secluded wild people don't have the same standards we have for dancing, nor the popular pop or electro music we're so used to, so I got away with acting like an unpredictable hurricane in the middle of the crowd, with Eureka adding his own moves.
At one point, Ku'sani turned around on top of Ruth's shoulders, holding tight with his legs around his head, while he spun him around at high speed.
It was a little weird seeing my friend stick his whole ass and bulge in Ruth's face, but hey, they were having fun, and nothing sexual came out of it, so I shut my mouth.
Twenty minutes of energized movements around the fire later, I was met with damp, sweaty clothes.
Eureka makes way for us to get out of the crowd, and we settle on watching the others continue to mess around.
eu "That was fun."
y tired"Yeah, too bad I don't have the stamina, how do you do it?"
eu "Living in the wilderness might have something to do with it."
y "Of course, physical activity... something I avoided all my life."
eu "You dance really well."
y simple"You think so? I literally fell down twice."
eu "Were you not heroically jumping in front of Ki'vaathi so he doesn't throw himself into the pyre?"
y pf"...nope."
eu "ah."
eu "Your falls still stopped him from doing so, which means that in my eyes, you're a masterful dancer."
y sadsmile"You're gonna make me blush."
eu "Did I not already? My...I'm getting old then."
y surprised"No, don't say that, you're still hot, I-I mean- young."
y pf"I think..."
eu "Why thank you."
Change the subject change the subject change the subject.
Thankfully, he changes it for me, so we don't dwell on awkward silence.
eu "Your clothes are...wet."
y simple"yeah, low stamina comes with a price."
eu "Would you like to change them? We can put them up to dry in the sun."
y "I didn't bring a spare, and I don't want to make my friend teleport me all the way back."
y "So I'll endure it."
eu "Didn't you say before you want to be more included?"
eu "Why don't we go find you a little something to cover up while somebody washes and dries your clothes?"
y pf"Hmmm, alright, I'm into it."
eu "Fantastic, come with me."
We avoid the big crowd of loud furs and walk across the camp, following the lines of huts and tents near the fence.
Although it is a day of celebration, a lot of residents are going about their daily life as if nothing happened.
Washing clothes, preparing leather, carpentry and many more activities don't necessarily have the privilege of taking a day off.
I can't help but turn my head towards the lizard Nightfallen from before, who especially can't catch a break.
He's on his knees, weeding a patch of grass around one of the tents as we walk by, before being sent to fetch water from the pond, to put out the pyre when the time comes.
He points towards two large buckets filled with water, saying something under his breath, in a language that seems a bit different than what the Wild Furs are using.
That is not something the Wild Fur Nightfallen in front of him wanted to hear, winning him a heavy backhand slap in the face, before being sent again with a warning.
I'm not sure how to react, or if I should ask questions about it, but Eureka doesn't bat an eye, so I'll keep it to myself as well.
The working people around give me a lot of different looks, either because I'm their chosen, savior guest, or because they think I look weird.
y simple"Hey, do you think my clothes are weird?"
eu "Why do you ask?"
y pf"Well, some of your tribe mates are looking questionably at me."
eu "Weeeell...yeah."
eu "It is definitely weirder than your friend's outfit."
y "How is MY outfit weirder?"
eu "First, the colors are too bright, too white, easy to spot in the wild."
y pf"What a revelation."
eu "Secondly, every part of your body save for your head and hands is covered."
eu "That is highly unusual, especially since your friend is more uncovered."
eu "They might think you are his personal sex object, something very alluring to the eye, prohibited to touch by anyone else, you're forced to dress more so others don't get dirty thoughts."
y "I suddenly feel really good about changing..."
Eureka lets me enter first inside a tent, more colorful than the others, decorated with animals made of cloth and butterflies of silk, their own, different take on origami.
This place screams {i}'come here to get dressed'{/i}.
Inside is a single, petite mongoose lady, who bows to us, but stays out of our way as much as possible otherwise, unlike retailers and vendors in normal society.
eu "I'm thinking about something simple, something comfortable, that will turn heads but not in a bad way."
The selection wasn't large, a lot of shades and textures, but ninety percent of {i}'clothes'{/i} consist of loincloths and some makeshift bras.
eu "How aboooout..."
eu "This."
He picks out a long and wide silky piece, which he wraps around my waist and over one shoulder.
I'm pleasantly surprised he is taking into consideration our {i}'naked is bad'{/i} policy, but honestly, as I said before, I WANT to fit in.
And most of all...I rather not look like a roman peasant from ancient times...
y simple"Uhmm, I was thinking of something simpler."
y "You know, like most men wear around here, so I don't look too out of place."
eu "Something like Ruth's?"
y pf"More like Ragnar's."
y "I still want to have my front and back covered."
eu "Yes! I chose Ragnar's garments for this occasion, I bet I can get something suitable for you as well."
There really isn't much to choose from when your choices are: big piece of cloth, small piece of cloth, this color, or that color, feathers or stones?
eu "How about this?"
eu "It matches your eyes, and I promise this one is not see-through when wet like the others."
y s"It is acceptable."
eu "Come on, pants off, let's let Mira fit and sew it."
y blush"Off? Like, right now?"
y bored"Meh, who am I kidding, I'm just embarrassing myself by delaying."
eu "That's the spirit!"
I get completely undressed, pausing a little at the underwear, but the loincloth is supposed to wrap around everything, so those would just make everything less comfortable.
The mongoose, Mira, sews the cloth around my waist with Eureka's help.
I even managed to not get too excited whenever their soft, warm hands were near my goods.
eu "Walk around a little."
eu "Now run and jump."
This reminds me of childhood, whenever I had to get new shoes.
y naked"Fits like a glove."
eu "And it looks great on you as well."
eu "Mira, do you mind taking care of these?"
He hands my clothes to her, which she accepts emotionlessly.
By the time we go back outside, the torches are no longer lit, and the pyre is being extinguished by the lizard as we speak, under an older Nightfallen's supervision.
The music has stopped and the last of the camp's folk can be seen making their ways through the narrow path.
My stomach gives off a low growl, reminding me that there are countless ways I can embarrass myself in front of new people.
eu "Ku'sani mentioned you two haven't eaten anything all day, your town's resources must be scarce, I am sorry for that."
y nakedss"Yes, we haven't eaten, but that's because we just didn't have the time, don't worry."
eu "No time...for food?"
eu "Yet another difference I will have to simply accept between us."
y "I'm assuming you take meal time more seriously around here?"
eu "Of course!"
eu "How can we be of use to our tribe if we don't have energy to work."
A loud horn can be heard in the distance followed by faint music.
y nakedsurprised"Is it starting? We're going to be late!"
eu "We will be late to Ragnar's boring speech, you mean?"
eu "Still, we don't want to upset anybody, so we should hurry."
This time, the camp feels empty, no souls remain, even the lizard and his watchers began to make their way to the feast upon hearing the horn.
The Chief's door no longer has guards either, no man left behind today, huh?
This part of the camp is almost unrecognizable since we left, with dozens of Wild fur's occupying a big portion, blocking a lot of the background.
New light given off by torches replaced the almost non existing natural light, blocked by trees.
Aside from torches, there are glowing crystals inside makeshift lamps of bendy sticks.
The empty, round table is now filled to the brim with things I will need help naming.
At the foot of the floral pillar, lies none other than the wyvern, torn between going to sleep or attacking the food.
ra "And this is why, we should all be thankful to, and congratulate our guests, for reuniting us with Ki'vaathi."
ku "For like the fifth time..."
ra "Furthermore-"
ku "H-HEY EVERYBODY, [name] and Eureka are here!"
ku "Let's switch our attention to them!"
Everybody seemed relieved to get a break from Ragnar's rambling, especially when more than half of them don't even know what he's saying.
wf "Ah! Good evning!"
ru "No no, noon, goodnoon."
wf "Ooh, su su, goodnoon, [name], Eureka."
ru "Yes, goodnoon."
y nakedss"Hi."
y "I see you're getting the hang of our language, Ruth...kind of."
He nods proudly.
ku "Heeey, looking good [name]."
ku "Finally decided to embrace sluttiness?"
ku "And why were you so late?"
ku "Did you, in the words of the Wild Furs, {i}'claim'{/i} Eureka as your own?"
y nakedbored"..."
ku "Careful, might make Ragnar jealous."
ra "Jealous? Of my new friend and partner bonding?"
ra "No way, I'm looking forward to that."
ku "Hear that [name]?"
y nakedsimple"..."
ku "Get what he's saying?"
ku "He wants you....to-"
y naked"..."
ku "To go and-"
y "..."
ku "Ok, what is this? Why are you just standing there smiling?"
ku "Can you hear me?"
y nakedss"Yes, I hear you, I just...missed your teasing."
ku "Huh."
ku "Of course you can't keep away from me, I'm just too irresistible."
y "You sure are..."
A droplet of water falls on the cat's snout.
Don't tell me it's gonna rain- nope, it's not water, it's drool.
A huge bear is towering behind the cat, his mouth open and tongue out.
ru "[name]...pretty."
ku "I think the word you're looking for is {b}'spicy'.{/b}"
ru "{i}*huff*{/i}spy-si..."
eu "I was thinking of {b}'provoking'{/b}."
ru "{i}*huff huff*{/i} provo-king..."
ra "What about {b}'come-hither'{/b}."
ru "{i}*huff huff huff*{/i} cum..."
y nakedbored"When do I put my foot down?"
ku "Knowing you? Never."
ku "Now come on [name], give us a spin."
Everyone, including other furs nearby, that have no business with this conversation, watch me closer, patiently.
y "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
I turn around, leaning my weight on one leg, then the other, switching my hand from hip to hip.
Lastly, I finish it off with a twirl that gives everyone a more in-depth look without being too explicit.
Then everybody clapped.
No, that is not a joke, everybody quite literally started clapping, including the Chief, who has been sitting on a special throne on the other side of the table, with his guards nearby.
ru "Ruth like you."
I would've never guessed, Ruth.
ra "We're happy you're embracing our traditions already."
ku "Hey, what about me? I'm already getting the hang of your language."
eu "Praise be all who act selflessly to show respect for others."
ku "I'll take that as an {i}'you too'{/i}."
ru "..."
ru "Ruth want look naked [name], but Ruth want food more..."
y nakedsmug"Same."
y nakedsimple"I-I mean, just the food part."
eu "Then let the feast begin."
eu "That is, if a certain Chief's son is done with the speech our guests heard multiple times already."
ra "Apparently...since everyone can't help but fall asleep, even my own brother..."
t "Sorry, try harder not to bore me next time."
Ruth takes Ku'sani to the Chief's side of the table, while Ragnar and Eureka hang on to both my arms on either side, guiding me to the opposite part.
y nakedsimple"Aren't we going to sit all together, you know...the two guests and their friends with the Chief?"
y "It just makes sense."
eu "Ku'sani requested a section with no fish in the dishes or his vicinity in general."
eu "I'd hate for you to miss out on our cuisine because of him."
ra "My father is not a big seafood lover either, so they go hand in hand."
y naked"You're right, living so close to the ocean and not capitalizing on it would be a shame."
As soon as we, the main guests, and the most important figures of the tribe choose our seats, everyone else joins around us.
No more signals or waiting for approval, everyone digs in immediately.
The music would stop from time to time, so that the musicians can be switched and get some plates themselves as well.
{i}'Plates'{/i} is a strong word, huge, clean leaves were used instead, with occasional wooden bowls for more soupy dishes, and as utensils: thankfully the carpentry side evolved enough that we have forks and spoons.
I'm not a fan of fur in my mouth, if I had to use my paws to eat.
Eureka is very proud of the whole celebration, but especially the food.
Apparently, he's the tribe's main herbalist, main cook, sewing expert, event planner and manages all cleaning duty as well as resource stocks manager, such as: wild fruit, vegetables and wild game.
y naked"Just what DON'T you do around here?"
ra "He's not the best breeding mount."
y nakedawkward"Hahaha."
y nakedsimple"Ha...?"
Eureka looks away embarrassed.
y "Oh, that's not a joke."
eu "I can't help it, every time someone wants me to follow them to the breeding hut, I can't but think of all my duties and how much time I'd waste."
ra "Until I come in and have to basically drag him inside and give him the ol' seed pump for hours."
eu "You're always annoying when you do that..."
ra "Yet you can't stop moaning the whole time."
ra "How did you even survive without me for so long?"
eu "I'd just...you know...pass out until someone did what you do until I'm back up and running."
y nakedconfused"I'm sorry, {i}'pass out'{/i}?"
y "I feel like I'm missing information."
ra "Of course, your kind doesn't have this."
ra "You see, Nightfallen don't just WANT to get rid of their lust through sex, they HAVE to."
eu "And it only works with partners."
eu "I mean, it feels good alone too, but you need someone else to get rid of lust."
y "So it works kind of like energy?"
ra "Yeah, imagine if you ate only grain and water for weeks, you would survive, but you wouldn't have the energy to do anything."
y nakedsimple"I didn't even know Nightfallen can do that with one another."
eu "It's not as effective as having someone of your kind as partners, it's true, that's why we keep open doors for anyone."
eu "We're talking too much about lust right now, [name], here, this is my speciality."
eu "I used spices Ragnar brought from his adventures."
ra "So I helped."
He says, very proud of himself.
eu "Savory Braised Wild Boar: Tender chunks of succulent boar, slow-cooked to perfection in a rich and aromatic broth, infused with wild herbs and earthy spices, resulting in melt-in-your-mouth goodness."
I never had any meat that's not a farm raised animal or a fish, so boar is a little intimidating.
As I said before, I'm taking risks today, I'm having fun, so it's boar time.
The meat is cut into small cubes across the skin.
I stab a piece with my fork, which makes it shred in smaller pieces.
A great first hint it really is a {i}'melt in your mouth'{/i} experience.
I use my spoon to help scoop some out, with Eureka's eyes following my every move.
Then...
With a resounding crunch, my teeth broke through the outer layer of crispy, golden skin, revealing a tender, flavorful interior. The meat yielded effortlessly, releasing a burst of rich, savory juices that danced upon my tongue.
The intricate blend of herbs and spices infused the boar with an irresistible depth of flavor that transports me to the heart of the untamed wilderness.
ra "Woah, did you just take a bite of meat or have the best orgasm of your life?"
eu "Shut up, shut up, he loves it, you love it, don't you?"
y nakedfood"{i}Thish ish the besht thing I ever tasted! Tashtes jusht like pork, *chews* might ash well shay It'sh an orgashm in my mouth! You're *swallows* amazhing, Eureka!{/i}"
y "{i}*Swallows*{/i} I could eat like this for the rest of my life."
eu "I am overjoyed beyond words and so very honored!"
eu "I know your kind has very intricate, and explosive flavors, so I'm glad you enjoy my simpler recipe."
eu "What about this? Oh, and this, please try this as well, Ragnar, give that whole plate in here!"
ra "He'll choke, slow down!"
eu "Oh please, it is fine."
This is where the intense lunch session really starts.
Eureka makes sure to tell me the story and recipe of every dish.
The Grilled River Trout with Citrus Zest, freshly caught trout, delicately seasoned and grilled to perfection, boasting a tantalizing smoky flavor. 
Forest Harvest Salad: A vibrant medley of foraged treasures from the forest, including crisp wild greens, tangy berries, and crunchy nuts, all tossed in a light vinaigrette made from hand picked herbs. Each bite delivers a symphony of flavors and textures, celebrating nature's bounty.
Herb-infused Root Vegetable Medley: A colorful array of hearty root vegetables, roasted to caramelized perfection.
Exotic Mushroom Skewers, at least for me they're exotic.
Smoked Venison with Wild Berry Reduction.
I could go on forever, because the variety is simply infinite, and Eureka is proud of all of them.
Stomach ache? I don't know her, all I know is great food and even greater company.
Two completely different, but equally hot men, rubbing against me, trying to stuff my mouth as much as they can.
In other words, heaven.
I can smell the scent of fish all the way over here... there's just no way to hide it, it's too strong, even half a table away.
These people are already breaking their backs to take care of my every need, I can't demand any more favors.
But God, how I wish to throw it all back in the river...
[name] looks like he's having a lot of fun, Eureka and Ragnar are all over him, and Ruth over here is distracted by the food, otherwise, he'd be on top of [name] right now...
Am I jealous? I'm not jealous, who would I be jealous of?
[name]? For getting so much attention from people other than me, or jealous on the people that give him the attention themselves?
No, neither, I found my family, well, step family.
I'm happy.
Aren't I?
I'm not jealous.
I'm...content.
c "Son?"
kus sad "..." with longdissolve
kus simple "Huh?"
kus sadsmile"Oh, me, right... erm, what?"
c "You are not eating, why?"
In my overthinking and attempts to please everyone with my talkative nature, I forgot to stuff my mouth, and the truth is, I really am hungry, even if something just feels wrong...
kus eat"N-no no, I am, look, see?"
kus "Mmmhhmm, roasted carrots, so sweet."
kus "And this meat, delicious, quail?"
c "Rat."
kus spit"{i}Pfffuuuuu!{/i}" with hpunch
kus bored"I'll...stick to vegetables."
Ki'vaathi finally decided, after minutes of hard thinking, that he's going to jump on the table and help himself with some food.
The meat right in front of him is apparently not good enough, so he walks on the table's edge, demanding everyone feed him whatever they have on their forks, which they do gladly.
He finally stops in front of me, arching his back, asking for pets, before jumping off again and going to sleep under the flowery pillar, with a large bone in his mouth, suckling at it until light snores can be heard.
He's cute, even if he's kind of dangerous when not in the mood.
c "You know...Ku'sani, I'm glad you came home."
c "Your arrival here, with Ki'vaathi in hands, brought not only hope, but joy to us all."
kus "And all it took was a bit of kidnapping."
c "And for that I apologise, I didn't even know where you were, or if you were alive."
kus s"Don't worry, I'm over it."
kus "Blessed be your secluded tribe."
c "Your friend seems to be getting along pretty well with my other son and his partner."
kus simple"Yeah..."
c "Perhaps well enough that he decides to settle here with them in the future, that way he can be closer to you as well."
c "His exotic fur caught the eye of a lot of your tribemates."
kus "Yeah... wait-"
kus "Here with them? Me?"
c "Well you're staying here with us, aren't you?"
c "We're a family, I thought you made up your mind about your destiny here."
kus sad"I-I have another family as well."
kus "I'm not abandoning them, I can't."
c "Didn't you say they...disappeared one day?"
kus sadsmile "Yeah but...they'll come back."
kus sad"It's not like they're dead or anything, I just...don't know where they are..."
kus sadsmile"Besides, I can teleport, I'll definitely do so to visit both you and Ki'vaathi."
c "I see."
kus simple"Uhm, what was that about [name]?"
c "What was what?"
kus "You don't think he'll want to stay, do you?"
kus "He's a city boy."
kus "He won't fit in."
c "You're the one that refused to wear our traditional clothing, correct?"
kus simple"..."
kus sad"I guess he does like it here, huh?"
I look at the laughing leopard, getting his face stuffed by two lovely peopl-
Nightfallen.
kus sad"And them..." with dissolve
Everyone was ravenous, either from hard work, or dancing, or because they forgot to eat all day, but even after we all filled our bellies, the table still remains rich.
Yep, this is what I call a feast.
Some Wild Furs got up and started telling stories and recalling battles past.
Others decided a nap under the huge, shaded trees is in order.
Some became very touchy, and decided to get into a hut together, either in pairs or in groups.
Gotta get rid of that lust after a good meal, am I right?
As for me...I have questions, sooo many questions.
The first and most important being...
un surprised"AAGH!"
un "WHAT?! What?"
un "Is the world ending?"
No, but my patience is.
Where were you all this time?
un bored"Why? Missed me?"
A little, yeah.
un simple"Oh."
un sidee"W-well, I was just watching some of these movies in your mind."
un "A little hard to find something other than porn around here, but I managed."
un "I especially like {i}'The Firm'{/i}, it's this comedy about a group of people working at a firm, selling paper and-"
I know the one, it's in my mind, after all.
un bored"So what else do you want?"
How come you didn't show up for so long?
My mind feels like it will explode with lust, everybody here is so sex driven.
You can't even IMAGINE all the sex jokes and inappropriate touching we did today.
un bored"So nothing new."
You would usually jump at the first opportunity to call me a slut, or be sarcastic.
We just found out my friend was adopted as a baby by these Nightfallen, and his real name is {i}'Ku'sani'{/i}, isn't that interesting?
un "Ew, family drama."
I thought your whole point of taking over my body was to experience new and interesting things.
un "Hey, [name], what am I?"
Huh?
un "What species?"
Ermm, demon?
un suspicious"Right, so do you honestly believe, that in my centuries of living as a LITERAL Nightfallen, I never experienced a Wild Fur's celebration before?"
un "That I've never set foot in a camp like this?"
...
un squint"I've been in more orgies with freaks like these than I can remember."
un bored"And people claiming they were raised, or even birthed by Nightfallen are not new either."
un "To me, this is as exciting as it is for you to watch paint dry."
Now that you explained it, I can give you a pass, although you could've done so with less attitude.
un eyeroll"Excuse me, your majesty."
un sidee"For the record, I do take a peek sometime, so I know a lot of things that happen in the real world."
un "I have to say, these are some very tame Wild Furs."
Explain.
un "I mean, they're usually friendly, but not {b}this{/b} friendly to strangers."
We're not strangers, we rescued their god or whatever, plus one of us is their Chief's adoptive son.
un eyeroll"Yeah, and I bet they reaaally want his 'son' to stay."
What are you saying?
un "I'm saying that you're going to lose your boyfriend to these Nightfallen."
What?
No...he would never just...leave the academy.
un "Why not?"
un bored"He said it before, nobody gives a real shit about him there."
un "He seems like he'd fit nicely."
un simple"But in the end it's his choice, right?"
un "You wouldn't want to take that away from him."
Right...
un"In the end, I don't care what you do."
un "Take my advice or don't."
un "I'll go back to my show."
un squint"Call for me if you need me, but do it quietly, please..."
...
Scribbles is an old demon, old enough to know a thing or two.
But as he said, it's his choice to stay or not, it's not like I can force him to keep away, especially since his wyvern friend will stay here for sure.
These Nightfallen aren't THAT bad, right?
I mean, just because I don't like what they're trying to do, doesn't mean it's wrong.
Aghh, Scribbles just popped in, made me question my new and old friends, and dipped without another word.
The definition of an evil demon.
It's time I find out more about these mysterious, intricate, hot Nightfallen.
It will be a good distraction for Ragnar and Eureka as well, since judging by those bedroom eyes, they look like they're going to jump at each other and fuck right here on my lap.
y naked"Do you guys want to play a little game?"
ra "Absolutely!"
eu "Hopefully not one that involves running right after a meal."
y "Nah, just a question game."
y "I realize I have MANY questions unanswered still, about you two as individuals, but of this place as a whole."
y "And you can ask things about me and my kind in return."
eu "Lovely, I did actually have some things I wanted to ask but didn't know how."
ra "I'd love to help you learn more about us."
ra "Hit it!"
y "Ok, I'll go first."
menu wildquest:
What do I want to know about...?
y "So, I noticed that only some of you wear masks."
eu "Ah, the masks."
eu "Ragnar, do you remember your first mask?"
ra "Clear as day, all those feathers kept making me flick my ears."
ra "I don't know how I lived like that."
eu "Mine was a simple doe, I got lucky."
y "Soooo, why?"
eu "Ah, right, here's how we do it."
eu "The Chief chooses an animal, object or shape that represents us when we start training in whatever field we'll be working in."
eu "Hunting, carpentry, sewing, that kind of stuff."
ra "The mask is placed on with magic that only the Chief possesses, so that you can't remove it."
y nakedsimple"So Ruth has regular eyes under the dark mask?"
ra "Yes, Ruth is at level two."
y "Level two?"
eu "You only need to wear a mask over your eyes at level two, that is for those who are close to getting their names."
y "What about the Chief, why is he wearing a mask?"
y "Does he not have a name?"
ra "He does, but it is forbidden to be used or known by just anyone."
ra "As for the mask, just tradition that the Chief wears one for the rest of his life."
ra "Don't ask how he sees through that thing...it's a mystery."
y nakedsimple"Oh, there goes my next question."
y "Speaking of names, how do you get those?"
y nakedconfused"I think you mentioned you sometimes name each other?"
eu "Names are not given, they are won."
ra "I named Eureka, he gave me his heart, and I gave him a name."
ra "Mine, for example, was chosen by my father, meaning 'warrior' in our tongue."
eu "And he named me when we became partners, as mentioned."
ra "Because, when I met you, I knew I found a priceless treasure."
eu "Aww you~"
y nakedss"That is so sweet."
y "Did you also get the idea from our tongue?"
ra "Yes, while traveling your lands, I came across this word."
ra "I loved the sound of it, and when I found out what it meant, I knew I had to save it for my special someone."
I'd be melting with cuteness if they weren't squeezing me to death trying to nuzzle each other.
y nakedconfused"What about Ruth?"
y "What does that mean?"
ra "It's from your tongue again."
ra "His full name is {i}Ruthless{/i}, but we call him Ruth until he takes his mask off."
y "What did he do to win a name like that?"
eu "It's a bit ironic, he solves all conflicts with kindness in the camp."
ra "Ruthless would never hurt a fly, so the Chief wanted to have some fun."
y nakedss"It is pretty funny, I admit."
y "Is that the only reason?"
eu "Weeell, another reason would be that he has to do whatever task the Chief tells him to do, with no questions."
eu "That's why he must remain ruthless."
ra "But my father never even had him gut a fish before, so his innocence is in good hands."
y nakedsimple"It just turned slightly scary."
ra "Our turn."
y naked"Shoot your shot."
ra "How is the sex culture at that academy town?"
y "This town specifically?"
eu "Yes, we heard you're way more open about that than the regular folk."
eu "Still, we made sure not to make you uncomfortable with our public displays, just in case."
y nakedsmug"I'd say we're kind of like you, in a way."
y "Except that we're not allowed to be naked in public, or have sex in public."
ra "So your ways are more personal, that's why you're so shy."
y nakedawkward"Y-yeah, more personal."
eu "Interesting."
y naked"Questions for Ragnar."
y "Starting off simple, what's with the tattoo?"
ra "These ones on my chest?"
y "Yeah."
ra "It's the two moons in the sky."
ra "Moonlight is the source of magic for all demons. Nighttime is when they're most powerful, and it's theorized the same for dragons as well."
ra "I just wanted to pay my respects by having this symbol imprinted upon me."
eu "And fur tattoos are hot."
ra "He's the second reason I decided to get it..."
ra "One of your kind made it, actually."
y "About that, tell me more about those {i}'adventures'{/i} of yours."
ra "Where to even begin!?"
ra "As you might know, in our tribe, names have to be won."
ra "Usually somebody would win a name by doing something grand, or unique."
ra "In my case, I decided to be adventurous."
eu "Which was very extra, and very rude of you."
y nakedsimple"Why's that?"
ra "Weeeell..."
eu "Because he was gone for one hundred forty four moons"
eu "Twelve years."
y nakedsimple"Wow."
ra "In my defense, I brought home spices for these delicious meals, made connections with your kind and also accumulated a lot of knowledge