Still, my friend takes me back to my dorm to get a change of clothes, before visiting the nurse's office, to get patched up.
The cat takes my hand and holds on tightly, before the usual flash of light covers my vision, but instead of the Nightfallen camp, my dorm room appears in front of us.
I get it, he's more thoughtful than I am.
I get a new change of clothing, before visiting the nurse's office as well.
Only then, does he take us both in front of the Nightfallen camp's main gate.
A masked Nightfallen guarding the gate gets the scare of his life, pointing a spear at us before recognizing who we are and relaxing.
y ec"Hello again."
t "Your prestigious guests have arrived."
ra "[name]! Unnamed cat!"
ra "You came."
Ragnar jumps down from a tree, greeting us with his usual smile.
t "You sure like taking us from behind, don't you?"
ra "Behinds are my area of expertise."
y confused"What were you doing in the tree?"
ra "Just came back from a scouting mission."
ra "I decided to stay out of camp specifically to wait for you."
ra "I thought you'd appear on the same path as this morning, so my surprise appearance is technically your fault."
y simple"Before I forget, what does your magic level feel like?"
y "After the battle?"
t "It's fine, I still have a lot of energy in me, don't worry."
ra "Ah, the battle, you mentioned it before."
ra "How did it go?"
t "We won!"
y ec"We sure did!"
t "We won!"
y simple"N-no we didn-"
t "Shhhhh!"
y pf"Uhmm...yeah, we won."
ra "Fantastic, I knew you could do it."
ra "It must've been a very easy fight to be left unharmed after it."
y sadsmile"Oh no, we were very much harmed, but we have good medics."
ra "Wow, VERY good medics, if your wounds are already healed."
ra "Speaking of medics, you have to meet our herbalist as well!"
t "Not before I see my friend again."
ra "Certainly."
ra "How much time do you have on your hands right now?"
y s"We are free for today, actually."
y ec"So let the celebration begin."
ra "Couldn't say it better myself."
ra "Gigyki sa!"
The Nightfallen guarding the gate opens it for us, revealing the same busy and peaceful landscape we left behind in the morning.
But now, a small crowd surrounds and greets us in their weird language.
Or threaten, or harass, they could say anything really, not like we understand any of it.
The cat pushes past them, unimpressed, and rushes towards the wyvern, which is no longer asleep.
He is chewing on a thick animal bone, with multiple smaller ones around him.
Somebody just had a royal meal.
y awkward"H-hi everyone."
wf "Kinta'sh va seela?"
y simple"What did he say?"
ra "He's asking if you'll stay for the celebration."
I nod then bow slowly with my hands tucked down.
y ec"Yes, thank you for having us."
Fascinated by my gestures, they all emit an intrigued, synchronized murmur of awe, then repeat the bow to me.
Ragnar chuckles at us.
ra "We usually only bow at individuals that are higher rank, and guests are always just below the Chief in that regard."
ra "It is certainly interesting for them to see you bow to them first."
y simple"Sorry, I don't know the norms yet."
y pf"Actually, we don't even bow that much in my culture, I'm not sure why I did it."
ra "It is alright, as long as you don't kill anybody, we can't blame you for... how do you say, cultural mistakes?"
y smug"Killing someone is universally frowned upon, huh?"
ra "Obviously, now let's regroup with my brother."
y surprised"Your broth- oh, right, I have to remember he's your step sibling."
ra "Honestly, I am very surprised he cares so little about his past, about us, about me."
ra "Do you think he has a stigma against my kind?"
ra "Or perhaps just me in particular?"
y bored"You did kidnap his friend."
y "Wouldn't you be upset if we kidnapped a friend of yours?"
ra "..."
ra "If I found out you gave a friend of mine a better life, took good care of them and protected them from all danger while worshiping him, I would thank you."
y simple"Then we have different moral agendas."
ra "It is only natural, although hard to understand, we just have to accept these differences."
ra "I did live among your kind for many moons, and that just made me realize how different our morals really are."
We push past the Nightfallen surrounding me, some of them desperately wanting to touch me, but abstaining, while others gave in to their intrusive thoughts.
My tail specifically is a big attraction, being the longest and thickest one around.
y s"Hey, how is Ki'vaathi doing?"
t "He let me pet him."
ra "While eating?"
t "Yeah, he growled at first, but calmed down when I went for it."
t "I don't want to bother him anymore, so I'll let him eat in peace."
ra "You truly have a strong bond with Ki'vaathi."
t "I suppose."
t "I...I'm sorry."
ra "What for?"
t "You were right, even though taking him away like that was an asshole move, I have to admit, you're offering him way more than I could ever."
t "If he were with me, he'd have to sleep in worry of predators, eat old, butchered, cheap meat, and stay in constant hiding from hunters..."
t "He is happy here."
t "And the fact that I can visit him whenever, it's just the best thing that could've happened to him."
t "I was too blind by anger to see it from the start."
ra "All is forgiven, I am happy the bad blood between us can stay behind- ah- look, I'm tearing up."
My heart is fluttering from excitement, Ragnar is almost crying from happiness and the cat is getting a wider smile by the second.
y ec"This calls for a group hug!"
I grab the big, hard bicep on my right, and the soft and delicate one from my left, dragging them closer.
I squeeze them both as close as I can, until the new confusion on their faces disappears.
They return the hug, cementing the new bond created by the cat's acceptance.
t "I think this is enough."
y "Just one more second."
t "Since when did you become so handsy?"
Since I get to hold a mostly naked, buff man in my arms.
y smug"You did a one eighty on your opinion, why can't I turn around on my handsiness?"
t "Suuure."
t "Back to the elephant in the camp."
ra "Where?!"
t "It's just a saying, means I want to talk about something important."
ra "Interesting."
t "I would kind of like to know more about your sibling theory, Ragnar."
ra"Yes!"
ra "About that, lets go answer some questions!"
He takes our hands, and for the first time I realize how strong these Nightfallen are.
Like feathers in the wind, our bodies were swept after him with no chance of resisting.
ra "Ruth, get the lizard to clean up Ki'vaathi's bones."
He addresses a large bear with only half a mask, who grunts in response.
So far, he's the biggest around.
Will have to remember that in case I need to take out the biggest one among them to assert dominance.
The {i}'lizard'{/i}, apparently being a savage Nightfallen in shackles, who I only see for a couple of seconds before I'm dragged away.
The bear says something to the lizard in the Wild Fur's language.
The first thing I notice is that the lizard understands his orders.
The second is that the bear sounds like he's ashamed or embarrassed to tell him what to do, fidgeting with his fingers and almost whispering those orders.
The lizard dips his head in understanding and walks away, leaving the bear relieved the interaction is over.
I would ask some questions if there weren't more important things on my mind right now.
y simple"Where exactly are we going?"
ra "You're going to meet my father, the Chief."
ra "He knows the full story of my brother better than I do."
t "So my supposed stepfather?"
ra "Right."
ra "Plus, obviously the Chief has to greet guests, especially the ones that found Ki'vaathi."
ra "Some thank you's are in order."
y simple"Ermm, sorry if I'm being too judging, but aren't Nightfallen very...lustful and stuff..."
ra "Yes, we are, in fact, the first thing you have to do when entering the Chief's quarters is dropping off your pants and bending over to him, letting him choose his favorite guest to penetrate."
y blush"O-ok, I guess if it's cultural, we can't be rude and refuse, haha."
t "He's joking, [name]."
Ragnar looks back at me with a smirk.
y "I-I knew that."
y "Obviously."
y "Double joke, that's what I was doing."
ra "Do not worry, I am quite familiar with your kind, so I made sure to pause any traditions that are seen as vulgar for you."
ra "The hardest part was convincing the women to cover up their breasts."
ra "Nobody, including me, could understand why your kind hides them away, but let the males hold theirs free."
t "Meh, I'm gay, I don't know anything about that."
y "I know too little to talk."
y "But I appreciate the thought."
Soon, the main camp is left behind, as we walk further through the trees, arriving at yet another clearing, with a larger building as the main attraction.
ra "Come, come."
He excitedly drags us close to the large, wooden door, guarded by two fully masked Nightfallen with spears.
As soon as they spot Ragnar approaching, they both bow deeply, before one of them knocks on the door.
c "Commence."
A deep man's voice, with an accent similar to Ragnar gives us permission to enter, then the other guard opens the door with an inviting gesture.
We step inside warily but curiously.
The interior is well illuminated by the many glassless windows, with shadows cast by the few makeshift bamboo blinds.
The main room is spacious and empty, save for the few cabinets and a large table in the middle, with chairs all around and a throne facing the door, on top of which a Nightfallen is sitting.
He lets go of a piece of charcoal he's been using, dusts his paws off, then rises up to reveal a monster of a man.
This Nightfallen makes Dallan look like a child, especially with that excuse of a loincloth, that I would argue makes his overall demeanor much more suggestive than being simply naked.
He holds a confident and imposing stance, eyeing us carefully through his skull mask, even with no eye holes, but I'm sure there is an explanation for that.
His super revealing 'clothes' don't make it any easier to look directly at him.
ra "Father."
c "Ragnar."
Ragnar bows, while the Chief gives a curt nod.
c "Are these Ki'vaathi's caretakers?"
ra "Yes, this is [name], and this is..."
c "..."
c "You have finally returned home."
t "Yeeeah."
t "Just a heads up, I don't remember anything or anyone here, especially not you, so if we could keep this less personal and more informative, that would be great."
y pf"{i}*Cough Cough*{/i}"
t "Oh, right."
We both bow to the Chief, since as Ragnar said, our importance here is below the Chief.
c "Heh, I appreciate the thought."
c "I wasn't going to demand our ways be followed down to greetings, but I see you already made a point to impress me, and it is working."
c "Rise up, children."
c "I understand this must be complicated for you, so sudden too."
c "Ragnar told me all about the two of you, and it would be my pleasure to bring back those lost memories of your childhood."
c "But first, I want to focus on the present."
c "You, [name], was it?"
y simple"Yes sir."
c "As a stranger to our tribe, you didn't have to show us kindness, but here you are."
c "We want to thank you, specifically, for Ki'vaathi's safety."
c "And, as my stepson's mate, we will-"
y blush2"What?"
t "What?"
y blush"W-we're not, uhm, 'mates'."
The Chief's looks at Ragnar confused.
ra "That's my fault."
ra "My apologies, you two reminded me so much of my mate and I, that I must've gotten confused and jumped to conclusions."
c"Just comrades then?"
y awkward"Yeah, you can say that."
He grins subtly.
c "Now, as you might know, if my son didn't get confused about delivering this information as well, we're holding a celebration."
c "The preparations are already ongoing, you just lay back and relax, our home is your home."
y ec"Thank you sir, we are already feeling very welcomed."
y s"I am actually very curious to find out more about your lifestyle."
y "I hope my presence and curiosity won't bother anyone."
c "On the contrary, you were the talk of the tribe the whole day, everyone wants a piece of you."
y pf "Literally or metaphorically?"
c "Meta-?"
ra "I believe it means using words to talk about one thing, but meaning something else."
c "Ah, I understand."
c "All of these words in this intriguing language."
c "So, family history time."
c "Where shall we start?"
So literally oor....
ra "The beginning would be preferable."
t "Wait."
t "Before you begin..."
t "[name]?"
t "Do you mind if I listen alone?"
y surprised"What? But why?"
t "I want to form my own thoughts, opinions and conclusions about this whole thing."
t "With you here, I'm afraid I'll think too much with my heart and not enough with my brain."
y bored"Are you saying I'm making you stupider?"
t "More like emotional and irrational."
I contemplate for a second.
I do understand his point, this is obviously none of my business in the end.
He probably doesn't want me to convince him whether or not the story is real, or judge him in any way.
All I can do is show my support to this part of his life without intervening.
y sadsmile"Alright, if that's what you want."
t "Thank-"
y determined"BUT!"
y "If your conclusion is a positive one in the end, then I'm going to want {b}ALL{/b} the details."
y "And I won't let you get away with your usual 'everyone has their secrets' bs."
He looks a bit surprised, like I made a very bold move, but ultimately, he chuckles.
t "Of course!"
t "Why would I hide a happy story from you?"
t "I'm going to brag about this for years if it's the case."
I extend my arm for a fist bump, which he immediately returns.
t "See ya at the celebration, fatherless leopard."
y smug"I'll save you a spot, twice adopted cat."
c "Wonderful, in that case, we'll have a one on one meeting."
c "Ragnar?"
ra "Huh? You want me to leave?"
ra "I was kind of curious to hear everything as well."
ra "I only know vague bits and pieces."
c "You're not going to push our guest out into unfamiliar territory alone, are you?"
ra "Ah, you're right I forgot to introduce him to Eureka or Ruth."
ra "No matter, we'll have our own fun and write our own story."
ra "Come on, [name]."
ra "Time to satisfy that thirst for knowledge of yours."
y ec"Right behind you."
I follow my guide outside, forgetting how bright the sun can be when not obscured by walls and blinds.
Ragnar slides his hand in mine as we step away from the Chief's hut, nonchalantly, so naturally that I can't find reasons or time to complain.
He takes me by the pond, towards a narrow path that goes to another part of the camp.
This area is deeper into the woods, the shadows enveloping most of the festive decorations already places all around.
Flowers, totems, wooden statues and more, the main attraction being a huge round table set around a pillar identical to the one the wyvern sits under.
Sweet and savory aromas hit my nose as we approach, smoke rising from inside a couple of open tents, as well as from campfires that slowly roast meat and cook stews, or soups, or whatever you cook in a big pot.
All this curiosity made me forget to even ask where he's taking me, but that question is answered once he lets go of my hand, and an intriguing figure makes its way out of one of the huts.
A tall and lithe Nightfallen emerges, locks eyes with us and hurries our way.
Ragnar's eyes sparkle with happiness, and perhaps other personal emotions as well.
ra "Eureka!"
Ah, so that's her.
Now that she's closer, I can offer exposition about her appearance to myself, for no reason in particular, like I always do.
She seems to be a feline, a lynx, to be more precise, although I'm not sure how related to animal species Nightfallen can be.
Large, piercing eyes and garments that, for once, are covering more than ten percent of her body.
eu "Look who remembered to visit me."
eu "Finally done with your self assigned missions?"
ra "I'm sorry, Ki'vaathi's situation took me away for a while, you know? The same reason you've been stuck in camp cooking, decorating and your...medicine stuff."
eu "As long as you remember our deal, you can forget about me as much as you want."
ra "How can I forget, the more time I spend away from you, the wilder our reunion nights are."
He embraces her playfully, trying to kiss her neck while she holds back laughter.
eu "S-stop it."
eu "Those are the conditions YOU made up."
eu "I'm just thankful that the better you do your job, the more safe Ki'vaathi will be."
eu "Speaking of..."
She pushes past Ragnar and stops before me, bowing deeply.
eu "The white leopard."
eu "You must be [name]."
y ec"I am, it's nice to meet you."
eu "I heard so much about you, through third party mouths, since Ragnar simply doesn't have time for me."
He hugs her again, apologetically.
y blush"I take it you're the mate he's been talking about."
eu "You're doing that again?"
eu "I told you we can't be mates."
eu "It simply makes no sense."
ra "I know, I just like the idea."
eu "So no, to answer your question, we're not."
eu "Being {i}'mates'{/i} is just a title for male and female couples."
eu "We are simply partners."
I give myself a nice, fat facepalm after the realization hit.
eu "Is something wrong?"
y awkward"Sorry, I just kind of assumed you were female..."
eu "Based on...appearance?"
y "Y-yes?"
He turns to Ragnar, both of them chuckling.
eu "Do I present myself as female?"
ra "Well, you do have the child bearing hips, I can see how that would be misleading."
Eureka turns around and checks his behind, while Ragnar pokes it and grabs his lumps with both hands.
ra "And the amount of seed you can hold is just so-"
eu "Ragnar!"
eu "That's enough, not in front of our guest, you know how shy they are with these things."
ra "I'm just being honest, don't tell me you're not trying even a little bit to be more eye catching today."
ra "You don't usually roll up your sleeves."
Eureka blushes and looks away, caught in hypocrisy.
Now that I think about it, his voice should've been a giveaway from the start, although soft and soothing, it still has a more masculine, deeper tone to it.
y sadsmile"Actually, I don't mind your ways."
y "Or how should I put it better..."
y "It would bother me more if I knew you don't feel at home just because of my presence here."
y s"Besides, you'd be surprised how similar the academy is to this place, when it comes to lewd stuff."
ra "Are you saying you want to be more included?"
eu "He's saying he wants to FEEL more included."
ra "Well that can be arranged."
ra "I think the first step would be to get more accustomed to the camp."
eu "Yes, that's why {b}I'll{/b} take it from here."
ra "What? You think I don't know my own camp well enough to be a guide?"
eu "You have to prepare the music and make sure the table is set for when we come back."
ra "Come back?"
ra "You're already stealing [name] away from me?"
Eureka sticks to me with both arms wrapped around one of mine, looking at Ragnar with a sly gaze.
eu "It's my turn for a while."
eu "Besides, I've been working my ass off the whole day, while you were playing in the trees."
ra "That is...fair enough."
ra "See you in a little bit."
eu "Come, let us gather everyone from the main camp."
c "What do you think so far?"
t "I had NO idea Nightfallen can cast magic."
c "It is much, much weaker than what you and your people can do."
c "Ragnar is more talented than me, but I know all the spells I need to know to protect my tribe."
c "What about your backstory?"
t "It is definitely believable, and it makes a lot of sense."
t "Mr. Sebil said I came from the forest...never went into details."
t "Still...why would I run away in the first place?"
t "And why don't I remember anything? I was five!"
t "Kids remember things since they turn three..."
c "I could not tell you."
c "Soon after, Ragnar started his journey as well...making me lose two cubs in such a short period...and a mate."
t "So...what happened to my stepmom?"
c "She was killed by hunters one unfortunate winter night."
c "The prey and recources around camp were scarce, so she decided to go further, towards a city populated by your kind, despite my warnings."
c "Only six moons after we found you."
t "I am...sorry."
c "It is not your fault."
c "I always considered you part of us, so I can't hold a grudge against you."
c "A lot more of our tribe mates suffered the same fate along the moons."
c "That is why I want Ki'vaathi to grow strong...and make sure nothing like that ever happens again."
t "At least it is now illegal to hunt...you."
c "..."
c "Yes, yes, it's good news."
c "Let's go back to happy memories."
c "Now, do you want to know about the name we've chose for you back then?"
t "Hell yeah!"
Today I've been dragged along a lot by many people, and Eureka is no exception, once again, I'm surprised by the strength he has being a Nightfallen.
His arms are definitely not thicker than mine...It's not fair.
More bushes and low tree branches hit my face as we walk back on the narrow path.
eu "It sounds like the celebration has begun in these parts."
Indeed, the quiet, peaceful atmosphere of the main camp turned to excitement and laughter all around.
Nightfallen playing on improvised drums and singing in their language with high pitched voices.
The unnaturally tall trees surrounding the camp give enough shade that you might mistake the time of day for evening.
The somewhat obscure place is being illuminated more by fire than sun.
Fire made by torches, campfires, but also a huge pyre in the middle of the camp, where the wyvern used to reside.
y surprised"Why is Ki'vaathi's place burning?"
y "Is he okay?"
eu "Agh, I keep failing to provide simple information, thinking it is common knowledge."
eu "You see, we are supposed to prepare a new place for Ki'vaathi to sleep on every day while he is in his growing stage."
eu "After he awakes from his long, daily slumber, we burn the offerings, believing that this way, it will burn his earthly attachments, and grow faster."
y worried"This is all so confusing."
eu "I would be happy to answer any questions you have, just perhaps later."
eu "For now, let me show you the rest of our camp."
eu "I really want to meet your friend and Ki'vaathi's saviour, but I'm assuming the Chief must need him a little longer."
I follow Eureka again through different parts of this so called camp.
Most of it is empty, since people are celebrating around the pyre already.
He shows me where food is stored, the bathrooms with impressive sewage systems, and the trading huts.
eu "You can help yourself with any food, cloth or people you need, anyone would be happy to provide our guests with anything."
y confused"'People'?"
eu "Yes, if you need lust release, just enter one of those barracks and somebody will be with you shortly."
eu "You can then turn them away if their bodies are not to your liking, or-"
y blush2"W-wait wait, j-just like that?"
eu "Why yes."
eu "As I said, it would be an honour for anyone."
Looking around, the few Nightfallen still around throw glances in my direction, as if waiting for the moment I step in said barracks.
y awkward"I-I'll pass for now."
eu "As you wish, in that case, let's move on."
We walk past his medicine hut, of which Eureka is very proud of.
eu "Nobody gets sick with me around."
After a minute or two of walking, and after a couple of history lessons about the camp's walls, I realize he reminds me a lot of a certain cat I know...
A little surprise encounter makes him get quiet and stop in place.
The lizard from earlier is done with his task given by the bear.
He looks at me with an intense gaze, before shaking his head and turning to eureka.
He seems to be looking for his next order.
eu "Uhm, Kuli stu'h guru?"
Eureka looks uncomfortable with him around.
He dips his head and walks away slowly, turning his head towards me one last time.
eu "Sorry about that."
eu "We should go back, we don't want to miss your friend's arrival."
I'm keeping my mouth shut about the lizard for now, since nobody is in a hurry to explain his presence to me.
eu "{i}*gasp*{/i}"
eu "Look, it's your partner, the other savior of Ki'vaathi."
eu "I want to make a good first impression so badly, what is his name?"
eu "Do you mind introducing me?"
y ec"Course not, come on, I bet he'll like you, he likes cheerful and happy people."
It's proving a little hard to get to him, a group of Wild Furs dancing around the fire, blocking our way with unpredictable movements.
We get to see the wyvern, safe and sound, following a large bear around, who's name I believe was Ruth.
My cat friend atop his shoulders, any kind of worry, doubt or anger completely gone from his face, replaced by the cheerfulness he was originally named after: Tate...
I miss him.
The wyvern is desperately trying to fly its way in his arms, like a puppy begging for attention, but his pitiful wings are not developed enough.
Yells of encouragement are still being thrown at him from Nightfallen all around.
y "His meeting with the Chief must've been a success then."
eu "Should we perhaps not bother them?"
At that moment, the cat's eyes target us like arrows as we stand at the edge of the crowd that is just getting bigger and bigger.
t "Ruth! Taki'ki!"
He points towards us, and the bear with the cat on his shoulders, who towers over everyone else, steps through towards us.
Obviously, being the life of the gathering here, and the ones Ki'vaathi follows, most Nightfallen follow them, bringing the deafening voices along.
y ec"Hey!"
y "Look who is feeling much better."
y "You even learned some of their language already?"
t "Yep!"
t "The Chief told me so many things in surprising detail, it's hard not to believe him."
t "Get this, apparently, my real name, or at least the name he gave me when they found me, is {b}Ku'sani{/b}, which means something like {i}'The one that does it'{/i}."
t "Not sure what that really means, but it sounds like I actually have a purpose now."
y s"That's great, is that the name you'll use from now on?"
t "Yeah, do you like it?"
y smug"It's interesting, much better than {i}Tartarus{/i} in any case."
t "Don't even remind me."
ku "From now on, refer to me by Ku'sani please."
y s"If that's what you wish."
At least now I have a name to adress him by.
ku "And this is Ruth! You saw him before."
y ec "Sure did, can't forget that towering body."
He grunts satisfied in response.
ku "He was apparently my caretaker, and the Chief's left hand! Ragnar's the right, of course."
eu "{i}*cough cough*{/i}"
y "Oh, Ku'sani, this is Eureka, Ragnar's partner and my guide for today."
ku "I heard your name before, Ruth here can't stop talking about you."
ru "Eureka pretty."
y smug"Aww he has a crush."
ku "Actually, he has a crush on you [name]."
y blush2"Me?"
ku "He just loooooves you~"
Hearing the word {i}'love'{/i}, Ruth gets flustered, panicked even, immediately getting red beneath the mask.
ru "K-ku'sani, n-no, not true."
ku "Yeaaah, he does, he's been eyeing you as soon as we stepped through the gate."
ru "I-I danger! I look for danger then."
ku "Yeah, because these five feet tall kitties are suuuch a danger to you, big boy."
ru "Ruth... like little [name], only little...little love."
Don't judge a book by its cover, because apparently this huge, intimidating Nightfallen is actually just a big teddy bear, letting a cat five times smaller in mass play with his ears, accessories and even squeeze his muscles jokingly.
I might need some help in this foreign social interaction.
I squat down and turn around, signaling to Eureka to do the same.
y pf"psst, Eureka, how do you respond to confessions around here?"
eu "Usually you go to the breeding hut and see how you both like it."
eu "If you're both satisfied in the end, you move on to be partners, if not, you can try again later or go see other furs."
y "Is there something closer to the way my culture does it?"
eu "You... can claim you're sick, but I doubt it would work."
y bored"Very helpful."
eu "I'm sorry!"
eu "It's quite unheard of to refuse a public invitation like that."
eu "Look, I'll tell him you're just not interested and you go sit down somewhere and-"
y "It's ok, I'll think of something myself."
ku "What are you two whispering there about?"
ku "You're making Ruth feel anxious."
The crowd around us are now making less noise as they are caught up to the situation.
Ku'sani has a stupid grin on his face, obviously enjoying watching introverts suffer.
y awkward"Ermm, Ruth."
y pf"Me..uh, you?"
y "You big, strong."
y "Grrrr."
I flex my arms, and I believe Ruth takes these words as compliments.
y simple"Me?"
y worried"Me weaaak, me little."
ru "Yes, little partner, big partner, like Eureka Ragnar."
y awkward"No no no, Eureka strong."
y "Very very strong."
y "Me?"
y "Me nerd."
ru "Nerd?"
y simple"Erm, weak like female."
ku "That's sexist, [name]."
ru "Sex? Yes, this way."
y blush2"NO!"
y "No no no, that's not what I meant."
ku "Oh you awkward, hot, bitch."
y blush"Thanks?"
ku "Here, I'll help you."
ku "Ruth, shu'shk [name] twerp stu."
ru "Ah, twerp..."
Everyone listening seemed disappointed, almost as much as Ruth.
y blush2"What?"
y "Eureka, what did he say?"
eu "It means you're already taken."
y bored"Of course, the good ol' {i}'I have a boyfriend'{/i} excuse, how did I forget about it?"
eu "Let's change the subject."
y "Please."
eu "How do you find our camp so far, Ku'sani?"
ku "It's awesome!"
ku "It's like living in my tent, but with a community and at a larger scale."
ku "I got like...twenty hookups lined up, but I'm gonna have to deny them all because I only have eyes for one person."
y blush"Awww."
He looks lovingly at Ki'vaathi biting at someone's tail.
eu "Awwwww."
y bored"ok..."
y simple"Well, me and Eureka are actually here to tell you that the feast is in preparation, so you should all get ready soon."
ku "Oh man, I'm starving actually, we haven't eaten anything all day, have we?"
ku "Just please tell me you don't serve fish here."
eu "A large variety of dishes in our culture requires we use fish to-"
ku "No fish."
eu "But we have-"
ku "No. Fish."
eu "No fish...got it."
y bored"You can't just tell them to not serve their hard work because you don't like it."
ku "Alright, fine, just don't put it on my side of the table."
eu "Do you have any meal preferences, [name]?"
y pf"No, because I'm not a spoiled little brat."
ku "Hmph."
eu "Understood."
He whispers a couple of words to a random fur who books it towards the narrow path.
ku "Something is wrong..."
Deathly silence follows that statement from every Nightfallen within earshot, apparently even the ones that don't speak English know that tone of voice.
They wait and listen to the cat.
ku "The MUSIC isn't playing loud enough! LUK'SA TURNI MUSA!"
Of course...
The drums, now accompanied by other instruments as well, start playing a joyful tune, and everybody's feet catch fire.
Metaphorically