.
If what happened in the past two days is any indication... then I'll need to conserve this load.
Help with potions? Huh?
After midnight nonetheless?
It's clear where this is going.
I make sure to dry myself very well before stepping out, not bothering with a towel around my waist.
If a certain cat wants another view, so be it.
I get changed, put on my best underwear, then I immediately check my phone.
Bingo.
One message from {i}'Midnight Snack'.{/i}
Yes, that's the name I changed it to after his invitation, sue me.
It reads:
o"{i}H-hi.{/i}"
o"{i}T-This is Oliver.{/i}"
o"{i}Sorry, I-I'm a little n-nervous, heh.{/i}"
un curious"He stutters in writing?"
Shut up, it's cute.
o"{i}Hope our m-meeting is still on?{/i}"
o"{i}N-NOT that I'm accusing you of forgetting or s-something, I just realized I didn't really... give you an exact time.{/i}"
o"{i}M-my bad.{/i}"
o"{i}How does uhm, let's say, 00:30 AM sound?{/i}"
o"{i}Same place, the laboratory.{/i}"
o"{i}Oh, could you also bring some sugar with you? I'm kind of out H-honey would wok well as well.{/i}"
o"{i}work*{/i}"
{i}Sent 10:07 PM{/i}
y confused"Sugar? I wonder why..."
y "I hope I wasn't mistaken on the sex thing."
y simple"I should let him know I saw the message."
{i}Nothing can stand between me and our meeting, the time's great, I'll bring your sugar.{/i}
{i}Sent 11:34 PM{/i}
y s"Scribbles?"
un bored"What?"
y simple"Where do I get sugar?"
un bored"..."
And so begins a long and exhausting journey after the magical sweet crystal known as {i}'sugar'.{/i}
Ollie's not the only one out, two grocery stores were out too, another one had a drunk man I didn't want to deal with inside, and most others were closed for the night.
Finally, I had to settle to cheat, having Scribbles fetch some with magic.
y simple"Hold on, if you can get sugar from someone's house like this, can you get honey too?"
un "I can fetch anything as long as it has a way of getting to you."
y pf"Could you use that ability on some fresh, wild honey from the forest?"
un "It's a little far away, but I could."
un "Should I do it?"
y ec"Hell yeah!"
un "Great, I love helping you impress your sex toy, I feel useful and wanted."
Don't call him that, first of all, and I can hear the sarcasm in your voice.
un "Whatever, you better go buy a jar or something for this honey, the bees don't commercialize their jars, those are exclusive."
Surprisingly, a nice jar was way easier to find than sugar, even got a ribbon for it, cute.
Scribbles guides what looks like a small, floating cloud of yellow liquid into the jar.
It smells heavily of wild flowers, especially acacia.
I dip a finger tip in the sticky substance aaand-
Yep, delicious.
y ec"Thanks Scribbles!"
un "Don't mention it, I was kind of curious about how this tastes as well."
Our sugar hunt lasted almost an hour, so now I have to hurry to the academy, with the small jar of honey in hands, wrapped with a red ribbon.
It looks like a pretty gift.
y simple"Let's see... I believe that door should be his office."
y "I wonder if other sane people can be found this late in the academy."
I stand in front of the only door on this hallway with a light on.
Behind it I can hear someone mumbling to themselves and bottles clinging together at times.
I knock three times.
The sounds stop instantly, and small steps approach the door a moment later.
The door creaks open a little, a big, curious eye covered by a round spectacle peaks out.
As soon as he sees me, he opens the door wide and smiles.
o "Y-you made it."
o "Hi."
y smug"Of course, as I said, nothing could stop me from seeing you."
o "Please, come in."
The interior is very well illuminated even though it's night.
That's the power of magic and energy crystals!
y s"Heard you needed this."
I hand him the jar, which he takes gratefully, rotating it and inspecting every inch.
o "Ooooh."
o "How did you get your paws on this?"
o "It looks,{i}*sniiiiff*{/i} and smells so natural, floral."
y ec"I brought it all the way from home."
y "Consider it a gift."
un "The infamous city honey."
o "Y-you sure?"
o "My, it almost feels illegal to use it."
o "Way better than sugar, in any case."
y s"That reminds me, why did you need it so urgently in the first place?"
o "Ah right, come with me."
He guides me further in through some bookshelves.
This office doesn't look much different from any other laboratory, save for a work desk in the corner and an extra large table in the middle of the room.
As well as many more books and papers.
o "Sorry for the mess."
y smug"I like it messy."
o "So...I know I promised we'll work on a potion together."
y simple"Oh, you were serious with that?"
o "Why yes, but I got a bit carried away..."
o "I kind of almost finished the brew, I just wanted to add something to make it tastier."
o "So sugar!"
o "But this honey will do a way better job."
y s"What kind of potion?"
o "It's a little more special."
o "I didn't come up with a name yet."
o "What it does, is that it increases Lust levels in Nightfallen, so not only do they get filled up easier, but also make it safer for hunters, so they know for sure the Nightfallen have sexual and not murderous intent."
y simple"..."
un "He made a super aphrodisiac."
Yep.
y ec"That's awesome!"
y "Is that the only use for it you can think of?"
o "It could perhaps be marketed as a disarming tool."
o "Not like it's a completely original brew, I just improved a recipe, it's not my business to find its best uses."
y "Can you use it on people?"
o "Huh?"
o "People?"
He ponders the thought like the most serious question he was ever asked.
o "To be honest, that's why I wanted to make it taste better with some sweetener."
o "I'm not against the idea, although I haven't... tested it yet."
o "Excuse me, I need to..."
He looks at the jar he's still clutching tightly, then at me, then at the cauldron on burner.
o "Uhm, would you... want to add the last ingredient?"
o "It's the least I can do, seeing how I couldn't keep my excitement in check."
y ec"It would be my pleasure."
He hands me the jar, smiling awkwardly and blushing.
I take the lid off, and pour half its contents into the bubbling rose liquid in the pot.
Ollie jumps on his chair to reach better, and starts stirring vigorously.
I decide to be a little flirt and grab his paws, starting to stir with him clockwise.
He is left speechless, to say the least, but the shivers he gives off are telling me he's enjoying this.
After a couple more minutes of cooking, I help him pour the hot concoction in multiple, small, glass bottles.
o "Phew, done for today."
o "Thanks again, honey."
o "{b}F-FOR{/b}, for the honey."
y s"No problem, I made sure to leave some left, so you can enjoy it with tea."
y "Sooo, now that the ONLY thing you needed me to help with is done, I should just go, right?"
o "I-I uhm, well..."
y smug"Glad I could be of help,{i}*yaaawn*{/i} Guess it's time to end the night."
o "Wait! N-no, that's not all..."
y bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
This is fun, but I kind of want to get to the next step before morning comes.
y bored"Hey, I'm going to do something bold right now, so just let me know if I go too far and I'll stop, alright?"
o "Huh? What do you mea-"
o "!"
I kneel in front of him, making him have to look down at me for the first time.
I grab the back of his head, gently, and kiss him on the lips, as soft as rose petals falling to the ground, while trying to take off the little cape he always wears.
Although surprised and overall completely paralyzed with shock, his body does not recoil, or draw back in any way.
The first man I ever kissed, I might add.
I pull away, seeing his wide eyed expression staring in the distance, a face that gets redder by the second.
y smug"Well, I didn't hear no {i}'stop'{/i} yet."
y simple"Hope that's not because you're paralyzed with fear."
y "Maybe I should stop so-"
o "PLEASE CONTINUE!"
y ec"Look who woke up from his trance."
o "I-I mean, please?"
y smug"Continue with what, exactly?"
y "What do you want?"
o "I mean, I-I really wanted to test this new potion with you, I just didn't know how to say it."
o "But, oh man, you're really forcing my every thought out of me."
y "So you want me to experiment with you?"
y "Just for the sake of science?"
o "Yes? In a way?"
o "I might have ulterior motives..."
y "Curious, I thought you had a hard time talking to people."
o "As I mentioned before, you are... different."
o "I feel flustered, but not anxious."
o "I can't explain it, but I want to do... things with you."
y "Then say it."
o "W-what?"
y "Say what you want, loud and clear, or else I might not get the hint."
o "Y-you're really going to make me do this?"
y "I want you to break out of your shell, not just crack it."
y "So, what will it be? What do you really want?"
y "Let me remind you, I just kissed you, on the lips, our tongues touched, so there's nothing you can say that's more personal than that."
o "A-alright."
o "What do I want...?"
o "Boy, here I go then..."
o "Let's not mess this up."

--- CHOICES ---
→ you to fuck my brains out.
→ I direct my attention to the messy table, taking off piece by piece of equipment and placing it on the floor nearby together with any papers I put my hands on.
→ As excited as I am, I can't be too reckless with his belongings.
→ He hurries to the table and sweeps everything else that remains with one swift arm movement, leaving the table empty except for the potion we worked on.
→ He points towards my belt.
→ I lean on the edge of the table and wait.
→ Who knew foreplay could be so thrilling?
→ Ollie kneels in front of me, his snout barely reaching my crotch, burying his snout in it while working on unbuckling my belt.
→ His little hands trying to work slowly and seductively around my pants but being ultimately betrayed by his impatient, shaking movements.
→ I decided to help us move forward faster by removing my top clothes myself.
→ No more useless questions or wondering eyes are being cast between us until my pants and underwear are off, revealing my newly throbbing cock that the little mouse is simply mesmerized by as the tip touches the front frame of his glasses.
→ I lift him up and place him on the table, leaning slightly on top of him unbuttoning his shirt before roughly removing his pants and underwear in one swoop.
→ There are no words or cries of protests coming from him, only giddy, excited squeaks.
→ As much as I want to, I doubt I should {i}'fuck his brains out'{/i} considering the size difference.
→ He gets off the table and comes back with a small flask.
→ I take the lid off and pour some on the table, where it instantly sprouts into a dry, plushy slime.
→ I rest my head and shoulders on it, take the special potion we worked on and pour some in my palm, stroking my cock using the sticky pink substance.
→ I beckon him towards me with a finger.
→ Ollie then climbs on the table with a bit of effort, while maintaining eye contact.
→ I bury my face in his fur, playfully biting at his shoulder and nuzzling his neck, while pushing his ass down until it grinds against my erection.
→ I use my fingers to spread more of the potion around his hole, before sticking my fingers inside.
→ Despite Ollie's moan of relief, his reaction seems a bit weak.
→ I position my tip and push it in gently.
→ It dawns on me that this is not only the first time I'm having real sex, but the first time I'm a top as well.
→ So far I'm doing... not that great? If Ollie's facial expressions are anything to go by.
→ He grits his teeth for a couple more seconds, sliding the tip deeper each time, until his expression starts to soften, turning into a relieved smile.
→ I start moving my hips slowly, using the little space I have to work with to push deeper.
→ He groans and moans in my ear, tugging at my fur as he grips tightly.
→ As he clenches, hot, soft walls tighten and squeeze my cock from all sides. He attempts to relax again, only to repeat this cycle of blissful massages with each subsequent push from my part.
→ Luckly, his moans are a good reminder not to lose myself in my own pleasure.
→ Although a bit surprised, I don't need to hear a second request as I begin to thrust until no more length is left out, my balls hitting his ass with wet, sloppy sounds echoing across the office.
→ Ollie inhales sharply and briefly, barely able to hold the air in before it escapes in high pitched, satisfied whimpers.
→ We spend the next couple of minutes hugging, tugging, groaning and shoving.
→ Sweat starts to drip from his chin to my snout, sweat well deserved as halfway in our frantic fucking he decided to take some initiative as well and slam down on my cock with a needy expression on.
→ I grab his waist with a newfound hunger, holding him still and ramming his asshole with some final, forceful jabs.
→ At the same time, warm liquid covers my chest and belly, sticking between our bodies.
→ Finally, with a grunt from my part...
→ The seed within him has no other way to go than deeper in, as the entrance is still tightly shut, his hole gripping and milking me further.
→ Soon, ragged breaths are the only sounds that can be heard in the room, followed shortly by the satisfying pop that comes with removing a freshly used dick from a tight, filled up hole.
→ Ollie collapses on top of me, nuzzling my chest and smiling.
→ I hug him in return, not daring to break the comfortable silence we created.
→ I almost feel like I'm dreaming, nobody pinch me, because I don't want to wake up.
→ Soon, the mouse finds some arm strength to push himself up and look me in the eyes.
→ We spend the next twenty minutes wiping ourselves, the floor, the table and even some lab equipment.
→ We sure made a mess.
→ The tedious activity was much more lighthearted with our back and forth playful flirting.
→ When we're done, we get dressed and I get ready to walk away with a final goodbye, until-
→ He conjures a lot of magic in his hands, making them glow.
→ When he opens them, a small, blue stone appears.
→ Similar to the one Merina wears around her neck.
→ He smiles in return, such a warm, brotherly smile.
→ You wouldn't believe the things we did before this moment.
→ His soft smile is the last thing I remember.
→ The walk back to the dorm was a blur, each second made me more and more tired as the adrenaline and other love chemicals were running out.
→ Not only the battles, I also have a Wild Fur hunt in the morning...
→ I hope I don't sleep in.
→ Thankfully I don't need another shower, at the very least.
→ Sweet dreams... here I come.
→ The next thing I feel is the cold side of the pillow hitting my face, and the heavy blanket covering me up.
→ to break your ass.
→ That was unexpected.
→ Ollie's expression changes to a pensive one.
→ He was already flustered before, but now, he's as red as a tomato.
→ The expression is followed by a smirk, his eyes looking towards a random corner of the room, half closed.
→ Shaking giggles escape his muzzle before he starts speaking again.
→ He fidgets with his fingers, looking hopeful towards me, checking me out.
→ I sit on the edge of the table as Ollie comes closer with his usual flustered look on his face.
→ He starts off simple, with the cuffs of my shirt, as those are the least embarrassing part to take off, and the closest to him.
→ He might be smaller than me, but he can reach everything just fine.
→ His hands move up to take my tie off, I keep my eyes on his, trying to connect our gaze, but as soon as he glances towards them, his pupils shoot to the sides.
→ Not everyone does things like you.
→ What do you mean?
→ It's not pathetic to do what your partner wants, and he wants to be the top this time.
→ Besides, I see myself as more of a bottom anyway.
→ There is still a particular cat that-
→ No he doesn't...
→ Look who found himself an expert in a mortal's emotions...
→ ...
→ Scribbles made me dissociate for a minute, by the time I focus on the real world again, I'm standing over there, completely naked except for underwear.
→ My clothes neatly folded at the edge of the table.
→ His body is petite and slim as expected, the only surprise is the above average bulge he's carrying.
→ His shyness is making me feel warm inside, it's cute, and it gives me confidence, since this is technically my first time as well.
→ He looks around another moment until he sees me starting to slide down my underwear, at which point he hurries to do the same.
→ I turn around with a swing of my tail, still covering my behind.
→ I rest my hands on the table's edge, looking back at the increasingly nervous mouse that now can't take his eyes away from his prize.
→ I slowly raise my tail, and with a light smirk I invite him in.
→ His cock shoots up at the view, getting rock hard in an instant.
→ It's bigger than I expected, at least for someone this small.
→ I shake my ass from side to side teasingly.
→ Indeed, Ollie can't quite reach from this position, but he quickly scrambles to find a small chair, and soon, I can feel something warm pressing up against my hole.
→ The warmth is quickly followed by a cold sensation.
→ I take the lid off and attempt to pour a spoonful on my tongue.
→ It is way thicker than expected, so I have to forcefully suck out some of it.
→ Yep, this feels like regular lube, but it tastes pretty good.
→ Nothing happens for a couple of seconds, until my body starts to relax and burn up as well.
→ I pass the bottle back to Ollie, who's busy meddling with another bottle to create a semi-soft slime beneath my legs, so he can use it as a stool to reach better. He then takes a small sip from our potion as well.
→ A pair of small hands slap both my cheeks as he leans on my back, grinding his cock against my hole.
→ For the first time I realize just how big he is, well, for his size, at least.
→ I can feel just a bit of pressure, before his entire length gets sucked in all at once, feeling his balls slapping against my taint.
→ The slippery substance combined with the relaxed sensation of the potion got rid of the awkward pain at the start of a sex session for the sake of pleasure, which is amplified five fold.
→ After the initial thrust, he wastes no time and starts moving his hips like a machine, a very precise and powerful machine.
→ My praise and moans of pleasure seem to incite him further.
→ He was not kidding when he said {i}'rough'{/i}, the little guy uses my waist as a handle to drive his hips forward with more force, while making my body rock back and forth with his movements.
→ With a new strategy, Ollie withdraws the length of his cock from my hole, only to ram it back with all of his force.
→ My left arm nearly gave out, forced to use both hands to brace myself against the wooden table.
→ I consider myself a strong individual, at least stronger than a mouse, but still, somehow, I'm no match for the lust powered weight and might of my petite lover.
→ This is something that I now realize I find extremely attractive and alluring about him.
→ Ollie,the shy, quiet, anxious mouse, vice leader of the Sorcery Shard.[name], the new arrival, calm, polite and awkward recommended student.
→ I wonder what they would think of us now....Two fallen angels, one of them ramming his cock in the other's ass with enough force to push him against the table's edge, just to be dragged back and fucked some more.
→ God... fucking... damn... it.
→ It just feels too good.
→ But I want to test the waters further.
→ Not sure if my comments were even heard among the grunts and moans in the room, but it seems like Ollie is at his limit.
→ Over and over, he drives into my backside, feeling an approaching orgasm that could no longer be abated.
→ My strength had nearly given out completely, with the table's surface approaching my face and a mind-blowing orgasm approaching my body with the same violent urgency.
→ Then, all at once, his entire body tensed.
→ With a groan that was so loud the drapes of the windows fluttered, he came; sending load after load of hot cum deep into my ass.
→ I am not far behind.
→ The newfound pressure on my sweet spots makes me burst, covering the wood in front of me in thick liquid.
→ All of time and space seemed to phase out for just one moment
→ All of my troubles seemed to melt away. My disappointments abated. Instead, my reality was nothing but bliss.
→ My mind filled with sexy lust for this beautiful person, and my convulsing ass left a trail of fluids, pouring down my leg as he slowly drags himself out of me.
→ All the fun chemicals in my brain are being thrown out with the orgasm, leaving me cleansed and satisfied.
→ We spend the next twenty minutes wiping ourselves, the floor, the table and even some lab equipment.
→ We sure made a mess.
→ The tedious activity was much more lighthearted with our back and forth playful flirting.
→ When we're done, we get dressed and I get ready to walk away with a final goodbye, until-
→ He conjures a lot of magic in his hands, making them glow.
→ When he opens them, a small, blue stone appears.
→ Similar to the one Merina wears around her neck.
→ He smiles in return, such a warm, brotherly smile.
→ You wouldn't believe the things we did before this moment.
→ And so, I leave with the memories of a smiling, satisfied mouse fresh in my brain.
→ The walk back to the dorm was a blur, each second made me more and more tired as the adrenaline and other love chemicals were running out.
→ Not only the battles, I also have a Wild Fur hunt in the morning...
→ I hope I don't sleep in.
→ Thankfully I don't need another shower, at the very least.
→ Sweet dreams... here I come.
→ The next thing I feel is the cold side of the pillow hitting my face, and the heavy blanket covering me up.
--- END CHOICES ---

A little surprise awaits me inside as I open the door.
I had left the window open...
Thankfully, the bugs weren't very interested in a random dark room, so I'm spared in that regard.
I decided to take a quick shower immediately.
Unlike yesterday, I didn't just get sweaty, but also dirty from spending so much time in the forest. So like it or not, I need this.
Besides, I can't go to my 'meeting' all musty.
Merina...
Beautiful... elegant...sly fox.
The quick shower almost turned into a whole pleasuring session, but I pushed those lewd thoughts back.
If what happened in the past two days was any indication... then I'll need to conserve this load.
Help with painting? Huh?
After midnight nonetheless?
We'll do some {i}'painting'{/i} alright.
I make sure to dry myself very well before stepping out, not bothering with a towel around my waist.
If a certain cat wants another view, this time from the front, so be it.
I get changed, put on my best underwear, and then I immediately check my phone.
Bingo.
One message from {i}'Midnight Snack'.{/i}
Yes, that's the name I changed her contact to after her invitation.
Sue me.
It reads:
m"{i}Greetings.{/i}"
m"{i}I apologize if this message finds you in a bad time.{/i}"
un "Why is she so formal in text?"
Shut up, it's cute.
m"{i}I hope our meeting is still on?{/i}"
m"{i}I realized I forgot to mention the exact time.{/i}"
m"{i}My bad.{/i}"
m"{i}How does, let's say, 00:30 AM sound?{/i}"
m"{i}Same place, my studio.{/i}"
{i}Sent 10:07 PM.{/i}
I reply:
{i}Nothing can stand between me and our meeting, the time's great.{/i}
{i}Sent 11:34 PM.{/i}
y smug"Well then, let's go."
un curious"Already?"
un "There's almost an hour until then."
y simple"So what am I supposed to do?"
y "Stare at the ceiling?"
un simple"You could practice your flirting in the mirror."
y bored"So you have something to laugh at? No thanks."
un bored"It was worth a try."
Maybe not flirting... but checking myself out in the mirror sounds enticing right now.
I do want to look my best tonight.
I spend the next thirty minutes finding any imperfections in my looks.
Loose hair strands? Not on my watch.
Wrinkled shirt corner?
Scribbles! Fix it!
un "..."
Pretty please?
un "{i}*sigh*.{/i}"
My tail is fluffed up and smooth, my ass is nice and plump looking, all that remains is a spray of perfume and I'm out the door right as the clock strikes midnight.
I walk slowly towards the academy, enjoying the night's sounds and the occasional lights from the few businesses still open at this hour.
The corridors are dark and cold, obviously not a sign that you should be working late at night here.
y simple"Let's see... I believe that door should be her studio."
y "I wonder if other sane people can be found this late in the academy."
I stand in front of the only door on this hallway with a light on.
Behind it I can hear someone mumbling to themselves, objects clinging and crashing together at times.
I knock a couple of times.
The sounds stop instantly, then hurried steps come closer.
The door opens wide, the figure of a not so white fox stands leaning on the door frame.
As soon as she sees me, her eyes squint and her smile grows wider.
m "Hi, [name]."
m "Glad you showed up."
y s"I said I wouldn't miss this for anything."
y pf"Although I'd lie if I said I know why exactly I'm here."
m "Heh, I was a bit obscure, wasn't I?"
m "But I also thought you might catch up on your own."
y "I feel the same, but I still didn't want to jump to conclusions."
m "Then allow me to make the first, real move."
She takes a step outside of the room, grabs me by tie and kisses me gently on the mouth.
Realizing this is my first ever kiss, I melt on the spot.
Both because of the amalgamation of emotions I'm feeling, and also because her lips are the most delicate thing any body part of mine ever touched.
The moment only lasted a few seconds, I can tell, with all her confidence, she feels just as insecure as me about this whole thing.
m "So?"
m "Am I clear enough now?"
y blush"Y-yes ma'am."
y blush"If you don't mind, I'd like to continue."
m "Then come on in."
She makes way for me to enter, eyeing me intensely as I walk by.
Merina looks to be the same height as me in general, but the heels she wears like to mock me.
She closes the door behind, and locks it, even if the hallways are as dead as... something dead.
The room is spacious, but quite empty.
She did not lie about her art passion.
In the middle stand two large desks, filled with supplies, finished paintings as well as some that are still a work in progress, or a failed project.
A couple of clay sculptures are kept in a special corner, two of them have a striking resemblance to a mouse I know.
I'm surprised to see the roses I gave her yesterday, still strong and colorful, chilling in a water vase on the table.
pass
A canvas on a stand waits patiently for paint to be thrown at it, facing the main attraction of the room.
A nice sofa, like you see in movies or rich people's houses, with red curtains behind it.
y surprised"This place is incredible, mind if I-"
m "Knock yourself out."
I walk over to the paintings by the desk, and pick some up, one by one.
All of them have a different person on it, in different poses.
I see Ollie, Dallan, Aiden, Tate, even Sebastian, the server from last night.
y "They look so... real."
She blushes.
Kissing me is not worth the blood in her cheeks, but a compliment to her paintings is.
y "I'm guessing it's my turn to be your artistic victim tonight, right?"
m "It's called a muse, and yes."
y smug"And after that, will I get to paint your pretty face as well?"
m "I didn't know you could draw."
y smug"I can't..."
m "Then-"
m "Ah..."
She chuckles, hiding her face.
m "I get it, I should leave the artistic viewpoint, as long as you're around."
m "I was thinking you could do that in the middle of my work."
y simple"In the middle?"
m "Can I ask you this, what are you willing to do for me?"
y s"In what context?"
m "Sex wise, is there something you're not comfortable with?"
y smug"I'm pretty open about anything, as long as it's not too extreme."
y "But you should know, my favorite thing in the world is pleasuring my partner and leaving them satisfied above all else."
She lights up.
m "That is exactly what I like to hear."
m "In that case, let me prepare my model."
She comes closer, swaying her outfit ribbons from side to side, and takes off my tie.
She moves on to the shirt, and I comply.
She pushes me on the couch, and proceeds to take my shoes, socks and pants off.
My underwear got a little extra special treatment, having her eyes burn into mine while she's sliding them off.
She walks over to her desk and takes something out, walking back to me with whatever it was behind her back, then helps me up.
m "Get up."
m "Put your hands around me, hold tight and don't let go until I tell you so."
I do as she says, my naked body pressing against her as her hands are fidgeting behind my back.
I feel her clawed fingers grope my ass, an unexpected but welcomed move.
She spreads a cheek apart with one hand, cold, slimy liquid drips from the base of my tail to my taint, which makes me shiver.
y nakedsimple"What are-"
m "Shh, no questions."
m "Don't talk."
m "But please make as much noise as you want for me."
The next moment, two of her fingers penetrate my hole.
I let out a moan without thinking, and hold on to her tighter.
The kiss was gentle, her finger is not, and especially not the second one that came in after.
y nakedhurt2"Hgghmm.."
m "That's it, we just need to loosen you up a bit."
m "This should do it."
She throws the bottle aside and removes her fingers.
The relief only lasted briefly, as something much bigger presses in.
I close my eyes shut tight, knowing full well what's about to happen.
Usually, when I do things like this alone, I take my time, I slide my toy's head in, then take it out, then back in, to make sure it doesn't hurt.
When someone else does it, on the other hand...
A small but very thick toy, which I presume to be a butt plug, judging by the resistance it puts, is now fully inside.
She wiggles it around as more sounds I never made before escape my mouth.
m "Good boy."
m "You can let go now."
She walks away to a corner of the room, leaving me standing there, naked and plugged in.
A long, thin piece of silk stands coiled up around a mannequin's head, which she burrows and brings to me.
m "Hold this for me."
m "Hmm, maybe like this?"
m "Bring your leg here."
m "Don't be shy, let the goods be shown clearly."
It's certainly embarrassing, but I go along with her commands, until I'm in a position she's satisfied with.
m "You're not too cold, are you?"
y nakedawkward"N-no, the opposite, in a situation like this."
m "Perfect."
m "Now stand still."
She walks behind the empty canvas, eyeing and studying me, before picking up a brush