.
→ This time, the sounds I make are no longer up to me.
→ Each shove from him hooks to the surface new interjections and combinations of letters I would never make otherwise.
→ Of course he doesn't respond, but he does kiss me with his tongue more as if accepting the compliment.
→ His movements are not wild, not violent or vicious.
→ Not savage at all.
→ He's not trying to go as deep as possible beside the first thrust, or trying to fuck at rabbit speed.
→ He's gentle, slow, but damn be I, if his cock doesn't hit All. The. Best. Spots.
→ The whole time, my mouth is kept open from the moaning, closing it only when a new, harder thrust is about to happen.
→ Even then, I sing through my teeth the song of our sin in the secluded tent.
→ For the first time, I hear Gael's voice, in the form of grunts that grow louder.
→ He thrusts with an uncomfortable amount of length, faster than before, but compensates with the precision that stimulates my sweet spots like never before.
→ Minutes go by like seconds, since we're having the best kind of fun there is.
→ His movements intensify and become more uneven.
→ I feel him shivering and shaking moments before climax.
→ The large arms keeping his torso up suddenly wrap around me, heavy weight laying now on top of me.
→ Not as heavy as his hips, slamming down one last time, before his cock starts to pulse and pump hot, thick seed, with enough force to bury it further up than any dick can go.
→ At the same time, my last button is pressed... hard, releasing my own load on the ground underneath.
→ It takes him an entire minute to drain all his lust, and every drop feels better than the last.
→ At last, he takes his now softened, empty shaft out, then opens his eyes, waiting for approval while breathing heavily.
→ He smiles and nods.
→ My funny man persona is cut short by a cold, sharp stab in my neck, followed by paralyzing liquid pulsing through my veins.
→ Gael?
→ I look up at the lizard, with six darts in his neck...
→ Before my eyes close, I see my friends at the door.
→ I wonder what they want...
→ N-no.. it's ok.
→ They're...good, they're friends.
→ His life never needed a nosy leopard in it to begin with.
→ I walk back in, to find Gael lying asleep on the hay bed, his back towards me.
→ He does lack energy, so it's only natural...
→ I better not disturb him any longer.
→ Good bye, and take care.
→ I turn back around and-
→ {i}*WACK*{/i}
--- END CHOICES ---

kus bored "I. Am. Exhausted." with dissolve
kus bored"These people act like they've never experienced magic before."
kus bored"I had to pretend like my teleportation spell AND broom malfunctioned and it wouldn't work properly."
kus "Seriously, one more person and my magic reserves would've been completely gone."
kus pf"I'm barely standing as is."
kus smug"[name] will be so impressed by my fortitude."
kus "A promise is a promise, just enough to get us back."
kus s"Althought I might collapse as soon as we get home...but at least we'll be home!"
kus simple"I should go find the Chief before anyone else finds me in this tree I hid in."
kus "Which wouldn't be too hard because I'm just talking to myself out loud over here."
kus s"But oh man, what a relief it was that [name] actually {b}wants{/b} to go home."
kus bored"I really thought he'd stay here, and get married and have gay kids with... wait- that's not how that works."
kus "Anyway, he wants to go home because that lizard situation pissed him off."
kus "I didn't want to feel desperate and agree to go immediately."
kus simple"I might've been a bit hard on him, now that I think about it, but what was I supposed to say?"
kus "{i}'Yeah, let's go right now, my new family is not worth my time and they're terrible people?'{/i}"
kus sad"I wanted to stay...I still do, but not as much as I want to be around [name]..."
kus "It's infuriating how much I like it here, and despise it at the same time."
kus ang"Make up your mind, Ku'sa-"
kus simple"..."
kus "Ku'sani..."
kus bored"Yet another name for Aiden to tease me about."
kus "It sucks..."
kus ang"I suck."
kus "{b}Aghhh EVERYTHING SUCKS!{/b}"
kus simple"Everything and everyone but [name]."
kus ang"Even Ki'vaathi, like, seriously people, it's a damn {i}WYVERN{/i}, not a dragon deity."
kus bored"I now know how [name] must've felt every time I insisted."
kus "Of course I knew the truth, but I wanted it to be true, just for the fun of it."
kus sadsmile"If it really were a dragon, that meant that in a matter of weeks I'd have someone to talk to, someone who will be around me always and never leave..."
kus bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
kus "That just means I'm probably never coming back."
kus simple"I should at least say goodbye to Ruth, and my stepdad, and my step brother...and Eureka."
I try my best not to fall on my face while getting down from the tree without magic.
Mission accomplished so far, with one or two minor scratches, now to find everyone.
One person I know for sure where to find, so I'll go to him first.
kus ang "Huh, what do you mean {i}'no'{/i}?"
grd "No entry."
kus "Why not?"
grd "Chief say no."
kus "I am his SON!"
grd "No son, nobody entry."
grd "Chief busy, he say."
kus bored "Well this is annoying, in that case, tell him that his {b}SON{/b} is going home, I wanted to say goodbye, but if he's just soooo busy, I guess I'll go without a final farewell, how about that?"
grd "Uhhhhh, repeat?"
kus "Never you mind..."
kus "Ragnar will have to be enough."
I make my way to the main camp, disappointed but not discouraged.
The first thing I notice is the missing pillar that was burning in a pyre a couple of hours ago, a deep hole left in its place and no ashes to be seen around.
Good workers, fast too.
They even planted new, unburned grass, neat.
Other than that there isn't much around here.
As far as I understand, it's still nap time, or breeding time, so no Nightfallen roaming around.
I'd lie if I said I wasn't curious what {i}'breeding'{/i} with a Nightfallen would be like, since, obviously, that will literally be my job in the future, but I promised to remain a virgin until that special someone comes along.
After that, my ass will become an open mic comedy show, and that's a promise.
A single pair of people catch my attention, showing up from behind a hut.
kus "Hey! Ragnar! Eureka!"
ra "Hey, look who's finally free again."
ra "Did our tribe mates finally leave you alone?"
kus "I had to run away from them, or else they would've drained all my magic, heh."
They both try to contain laughter.
eu "What a coincidence, we also had to run away from your friend before he could completely drain us."
ra "That's right, oof, that man can not be satiated with just the two of us."
kus sadsmile "H-hehe, what, uhmm, what do you mean by that?"
eu "[name] insisted that we commence in a session of breeding, he's just that invested in knowing our ways better, you know?"
kus simple"So...the three of you fucked, is what you're telling me?"
ra "A simple way of saying it, but yes."
ra "It's safe to say he drained all the lust I had in me, for at least the next moon, heh."
kus "And where is he right now?"
eu "Oh he's not done yet, far from it."
eu "You know Ruth caught his eye in that beautiful white, spotted fur, so he's not tapping out like we did."
ra "They're still in a hut somewhere, if you hurry, maybe you can join them."
eu "He runs out of stamina fast while dancing, but give him some cock and ass and he'll go at it forever."
kus sad "I-it's alright, I'll pass."
ra "Then why are you looking for him?"
kus "He said before that he wants to go home..."
kus "I wanted to see if he'd stay another day, but he seemed very determined to go back."
kus "I just wanted to teleport him."
eu "He seems much more determined to drain all the lust he can at the moment."
ra "You should probably come back for him tomorrow morning."
ra "We heard you have some kind of important assignment, so we wouldn't want you to miss it, but we would also hate to deprive [name] of his needs."
kus "Y-yeah, that makes sense."
kus sadsmile"I'll just... come back later, simple."
kus "In that case, I guess this is goodbye, for now."
ra "You're not leaving without hugging your brother, right?"
eu "And your brother's partner needs one as well."
The hug is tight, almost violent, these people are strong.
kus simple "Ok ok, that's enough."
kus bored"We'll meet later anyway."
With some final waves, a flash of blue light takes away my vision, before the main gate of my dear town appears.
kus sad "Home sweet home..."
Why did I come back again?
What was I usually doing before [name] came around?
Get myself in trouble?
Or the second thing, waste my time sulking...
I go back to my dorm, and jump on the creaking bed, closing my eyes, trying to take a nap.
...
kus bored"Like I could ever sleep with these emotions flying around."
Maybe I should find Dallan and Aiden, it should be close to dinner time, even if the sun refuses to go down.
As if trying to trap me in this daytime nightmare, where everything goes so well, yet so bad.
Having a phone in a moment like this would be useful, since I have no idea where those two could be.
Especially now that [name] appeared, their plans are so random I can't predict them.
I mean, a massage? Really?
kus "Maybe some ice cream will make me feel better."
I pay for a cone and stare at the frozen,  chocolate flavored dessert.
I look at the waffle cone, I look at the small chunks of chocolate, I look at the drip slowly running down on the side, until it hits the ground.
kus bored"I don't feel like eating anything, actually..."
kus "Did I just waste a perfectly good ice cream?"
kus simple"Lets see..."
kus s"Hey kid! Come here, I have free ice cream, want some?"
kid "Stranger Danger!"
He books it in the opposite direction, yelling.
kus bored"Ah, right, I'm an adult, technically."
kus "At least someone's parents taught them right."
kus "Even if now I have to waste a perfectly good ice cream."
I already said that...
Even my thoughts are sulking and won't let the wheels turn.
I place the cone gently on the ground.
A murder of crows will have a field trip with this one.
It's weird that I don't feel like eating, since my energy level is down, together with my magic.
If I were to take [name] back with me, I might've actually collapsed on the spot.
But hey, then I would've had a pair of soft arms to catch and cuddle me while I get better.
I keep my hands inside my pockets as I walk down the street, which is just as empty as the camp was after I stopped giving everyone rides.
It feels lonely.
A small piece of paper brushes against my fingertips along with the other little trinkets I keep with me at all times.
kus simple"Huh?"
kus "I don't remember this, what is-"
kus "oh."
A series of numbers, written on this wrinkled little thing, signed [name], under it.
...
kus"There's no harm in trying."
I find the nearest public phone booth, pop some coins inside, then with a deep breath, I type in the number.
I've only done this about three times in my whole life, since other people usually needed to get a hold of me, not the other way around.
As far as I know, these phones should work even if the other person is outside the barrier.
It better work, if it makes you pay it money.
The unsettling beeps invade my ear, before a voice speaks.
kus s "HEY, HI! [NAME], I WAS JUST-"
{i}The number you have dialed is currently out of coverage area or cannot be reached at the moment. Please try again later.{/i}
kus bored "Ah. Of course."
kus "Did I really expect the signal to work in that giant forest?"
kus "I just wanted to see if he's okay..."
kus simple"Maybe he'll get bored of sex, at some point."
I'm just gonna have to wait for my magic to come back up, then I'll teleport to him.
Surely he doesn't want to stay there until morning.
Right now, I'm going to settle for daisies...
The daisy filled hill, overlooking the ocean on one side, and the academy on the other.
With a clear view of the sun, soon to be setting.
This is the most peaceful place on earth, the warm rays of light are perfect for a lazy afternoon, and the view is amazing all day round.
The grass is soft, and delicate.
The ground is fertile, sprouting these beautiful white flowers that tickle my nose whenever I dare fall asleep here.
Unfortunately, not even the best place in the world can make you forget about your friends.
ku "Why did you decide to stay?"
ku "You wanted to come home so badly, and I just didn't listen."
ku "Did you really change your mind that fast? Or are you just a big playboy?"
ku "And most importantly, why do I even care so much?"
ku "We're hunters, we have sex with Nightfallen, that's what we do."
ku "But isn't there a saying that you're not supposed to take your job into your personal life?"
ku"My head hurts..."
ku "And not just because I'm tired and drained of magic."
ku "What am I even so upset for?"
ku "Of course he'd want to stay in the sex camp."
ku "He couldn't keep his dick in his pants for two days around regular people, let alone hot, horny Wild Furs that are drooling over him..."
pass
ku "I wish mister Sebil was here."
ku "He'd know what to do."
I lay here with the wind in my fur, the cool earth contrasting the warm grass nicely.
I can almost see him in front of me, if I only squint my eyes and hope.
Daydreaming of exactly what you want is hard sometimes.
Images of my stepparents, my REAL stepparents, appear around me.
Soon to be replaced by the Headmaster's sly grin.
My thoughts are interrupted by stormy clouds covering the sun and a more intense wind hitting my side.
Familiar darkness...
No, there's no way the clear sky went away that fast.
I open my eyes, finding them shielded from the light by a large body, covering me in shadow.
ku "Do you mind? I'm trying to bask in-"
The towering man's face is covered by a mask, and a loincloth is the only thing he's wearing.
I jump up, not scared, but surprised for sure.
kus simple "Who are you?"
The Wild Fur with the black void mask says nothing, and hands me a piece of paper.
I reluctantly take it.
kus "Thanks?"
kus "Am I not inside the barrier?"
kus "How did you get here?"
I take a quick look at the paper, a couple of messy words written on it.
{i}Your friend is in grave danger.{/i}
He turns around without another word and walks back to town.
kus ang"Wait! You can't go there!"
kus "But more importantly, what the hell do you mean by danger?!"
He shows no sign of stopping or turning around.
I run after him, blocking his path, almost falling and rolling down the hill in my panicked attempt.
kus "Oh no, you don't get to be a mysterious figure that disappears with no explanation."
kus "Who are you?"
kus "How do you know this?"
unk "..."
kus "Tell me or I'll teleport you to the sun."
I wish I had that much magic in me right now...
unk "I am an ex member of the Nightgale tribe."
kus simple"Ex?"
unk "I was exiled for defending someone from your kind, going as far as to allow him to become my master."
kus simple "But...they're friendly towards our kind, at least, that's what I got from my experience..."
kus "What's that about my friend? Who do you mean by that?"
kus "The wyvern?"
unk "[name]." with longdissolve
My face goes pale and my pupils shake in horror.
There's nothing more he has to say, I was hoping his name wouldn't be brought up.
Everything started to click.
He wanted to leave as soon as possible, then all of a sudden, didn't.
I accepted the fact that he's just {i}'having fun'{/i} from Ragnar's and Eureka's words.
In my jealousy and anger, I forgot to think rationally.
kus scared"What-"
kus "What kind of danger?"
unk "The tribe's deity, Ki'vaathi, needs a ceremony dedicated in his name, so that his powers may awaken."
kus "But we already had a celebration...did we not?"
Thinking back on it, not once was the wyvern the center of attention, except for when it was sleeping in the middle of the round table.
Nobody mentioned him, other than when thanking us for taking care of him.
kus "So what next?"
unk "They need a sacrifice, a sacrifice from your kind."
Anger surges in me hearing those words.
Why? Why him?
Why not me?
kus "How much time do I have?"
unk "..."
unk "Minutes." with dissolve
Yet another simple, common word that hits like a truck, making my heart skip a beat.
kus "Aiden...no."
kus "Dallan...no."
kus "Merina?"
kus ang "AGHH FUCKING HELL, I DON'T KNOW WHERE ANY OF THEM ARE AND I DON'T HAVE TIME TO FIND THEM!"
kus "WHY DIDN'T YOU COME TO ME SOONER?!"
The Nightfallen dips his head, as if relating to my hopelessness, before turning slowly away and disappearing over the hill.
kus sad"No, it's not his fault, it's not anybody's fault."
kus "It's mine."
kus "I wasted my magic like an idiot, and would've done so with even less regard to my energy if [name] didn't remind me to keep some..."
kus sad"[name]..."
kus "I can't just lay here and sulk, even if I'm an idiotic, useless cat."
kus "If something happened to him because of me..."
There is no more time to waste, no time to think this through anymore.
I put my hood back on, watching the forest with tall trees in the distance intensively.
kus ang"I'm coming home again, {i}'father'.{/i}"
kus"But before that, I have one thought for the world to know."
kus "Ku'sani..."
tt "Is a dumbass name." with llongdissolve
Echos of my heartfelt thoughts disperse through the air, carrying my quiet words as far as the eye can see, at least that's what I felt happening when they left my mouth.
Instead of tears, my eyes are filled with determination.
Images of [name]'s soft fur against mine invade my mind.
I'm not letting any friend of mine be no God. Damn. Sacrifice.
My feet carry me towards my friend, gaining speed each second until I feel like I'm flying downhill.
A race not for distance, or time, but adrenaline and courage, since the blink of an eye and a flashing blue light is all it really takes...
The bright, green and white hill turns into the dark forest with trees taller than a building.
The main gate is wide open, with nobody defending it.
I walk in as confidently as I can muster.
The once empty looking camp now full to the brim with either smiling or anxious looking Wild Furs, masked and unmasked.
A wide path is left in the middle, as if specifically made for me to walk further in, everyone going as far as to take a step back if I try to get closer to any particular Nightfallen.
This choreographed meeting is pissing me off more and more.
I can no longer take hearing the low murmurs around me building up.
tt "WHERE IS HE?!"
tt "TELL ME, WHERE IS THAT COWARD?!"
Few figures in the crowd, understanding some of my words, or at least predicting them, turn their heads upwards to the side.
Upon a watchtower, he stands proudly, with his usual, stupid grin on his face.
tt "You..."
c "Welcome, son!"
c "I'm glad you could join us."
tt "Don't you dare call me your son."
tt "You know why I'm here."
c "Back for some more delicious skewered rat, I presume?"
tt "WHERE IS MY FRIEND?!"
c "Who? [name]?"
c "Why, he's having the time of his life somewhere in a hut."
c "His moans of pleasure could be heard across the whole-"
tt "Cut the crap."
tt "I know all about your plans."
tt "I'm here to take him back, and there's nothing you can do to stop me."
It takes every bit of strength to keep my chest forward and my legs from buckling under me.
Even my vision is cloudy.
As I said before, my magic was not even close to coming back up, and this one single teleportation almost made me black out.
The Chief looks over the crowd of Nightfallen through his impractical mask.
The grin turns into a sad smile.
c "It seems we have a traitor among us."
c "They shall be dealt with later."
c "Now..."
c "Nothing to stop you, you say?"
The Chief snaps his fingers in my direction, an echoing, familiar sound taking over the quiet camp.
Then a pair of guards, one of which is none other than Ruth, appear behind me to restrain me.
tt "You know that spell too?"
tt "Why aren't I surprised?"
tt "And I guess you're using...Ragnar as an anchor..."
tt "Which is why not even he can dethrone you..."
c "My own child would not betray me...well, not both of them, at least."
c "And your kind are not the only ones that can learn new tricks."
I would be more revolted at the new, unexpected move he pulled, but to be fair, even without that spell, I would not be able to even run, let alone teleport.
The guards holding me from either side are almost a relief, letting me rest on something.
But there was no other choice.
I either come here and be useless, or waste time looking for someone with actual power to help, and be too late to save [name].
In my position, begging is all I'm good for.
tt "Please, please just let [name] go."
tt "I'll do anything."
c "Begging?"
c "That is not the first thing that comes to mind when I think of someone that has {i}'nothing that can stop him'{/i}."
c "It's a little late to change our minds."
He waves his hand towards a group of trees growing close together.
The trunks start to move and bend and even the roots look like they're trying to grow feet and walk out of the way, revealing a horrific image.
A white, black and red leopard is tied to a large, runic stone, blue fires lit all around.
tt "No..."
tt "No."
tt"What are you doing?"
tt"Let him go."
tt "Please, just let him go."
tt "Ruth, please, help me."
I look at the large bear with pleading eyes, someone I truly thought could be my friend.
He remains stoic, peering ahead, devoid of expression.
tt "I taught you how to flirt, Ruth."
tt "We danced together."
tt "[name] liked you, and you liked him, {b}and I liked both of you!{/b}"
My begging does no good.
Something wet falls from under Ruth's mask, being soaked up by the fur before it can drop.
He takes a step back, without letting go, so that I have a hard time looking at him.
tt "Why?"
tt "Why are you even doing this for?"
tt "For the name of a God?"
tt "What do you hope to get from raising a God?"
c "A dragon's power under our wings..."
c "With him, we will live peacefully."
tt "Don't you already?"
tt "I've seen nothing but peace until now."
tt "All you do is eat, fuck and nap."
c "TELL THAT TO ALL OUR LOST CLANMATES, WHO WERE HUNTED BY YOUR KIND TO BE USED FOR WHATEVER SELFISH REASON YOU HAD!"
tt "{size=30}But Wild Furs are no longer allowed to be hunted...{/size}"
c "Ha!"
c "As if that's supposed to make us feel better."
c "It's not as if people we held dear were taken away from less than a hundred moons ago, before that {i}'rule'{/i} of yours was made."
tt "Is that your idea of vengence?"
c "It's my idea of judgement."
c "I will not live with the fear that any day your kind can change their mind because they need more crystals from us."
tt "It's hard to believe Ragnar would ever agree to your genocidal ideas."
c "Actually, he is the one that planned most of it."
c "I can't take all the credit myself."
tt "..."
c "Unfortunately, Ragnar couldn't bring himself to watch the ceremony unfold."
c "Poor boy, his feelings caught up to his plans."
tt "You want to live in peace, but if you're going forward with this, you will never find it."
tt "This is a promise."
c "Threatening you are, little one."
c "I am afraid that intimidation attempt isn't very effective when you're right in front of me, defenceless and useless."
c "Still, I don't want to take too many risks, so I'm worrying...that you'll get in my way too much..."
He raises the hand nearest to me.
Dozens of figures emerge from behind the verdant veil, perching upon low, sturdy branches.
Archers, bows trained upon me, pulled strings poised, and arrows poised to be unleashed, awaiting the signal.
More anger comes to the surface, but this time, I'm angry at myself for ever trusting this monster...
tt "Are-"
tt"Are you seriously going to kill me?"
tt "Just like that?"
tt"After that {i}'touching'{/i} reunion we just had?"
tt "After a whole day of celebration, and stories and dancing and shared meals."
tt "After we found and cared for your precious deity."
tt "After everything we did for you..."
tt "IS THIS HOW YOU REPAY US?!" with hpunch
tt "I thought I was your {i}'son'{/i}."
tt"WAS THAT ALL A LIE?!"
tt "I HATE LIARS!" with hpunch
tt "YOU KNOW THAT!"
tt"DO IT THEN!"
tt "SHOOT ME!"
tt "It's not like a lot of people would miss me."
c"My dear Ku'sani-"
tt "Don't call me that."
tt "{b}That's not my name!{/b}"
tt "I deny it, the same way I denied every stupid name everyone keeps trying to give me, like I'm some sort of stuffed toy, or pet."
c "Look at you."
c "{i}*Sigh*{/i} You were such a promising cub."
c "I thought you could rival your brother."
c "He fought so hard to protect you."
c "Or more like rob you of your destiny."
c "Even if you were never truly one of us."
c "Pity."
His hand gives a signal, but not in my direction...
All the archers turn their bows slightly, aiming at something else.
tt "What..."
tt "What are you doing?"
tt"Chief, stop."
tt"This is not funny."
tt"I'm over here!"
tt "Ragnar! What's up with them? Are they blind?!"
tt "Ragnar? Where are you?!"
tt "HEY!" with hpunch
tt "THAT'S THE WRONG WAY!"
tt "YOUR TARGET IS HERE!"
tt "LOOK AT ME!"
c "You were right, Ku'sani, I'm too soft to kill my own cub, even if he's as... disrespectful and naughty as you."
c "Yet, at least."
c "Even so, you must still be taught a lesson."
c "You should be thankful to me."
c "You were supposed to be the sacrifice all along, but fate spared you."
tt "The fuck is that supposed to mean?"
c "That was the whole purpose for your existence."
c "We found you, sent by the Nightfallen King himself, cared for you, fed you, so you can be the savior of our tribe one day."
c "Unfortunately, you ran away upon finding out the truth."
c "We thought you must've died in the harsh blizzard, bare footed."
c "But it seems you found your nest among those hunters."
c "Then, you came back, I thought you brought your friend as a way to ask for forgiveness, and exchange your life for his."
c "Apparently I overestimated your resolve."
tt "Ah."
tt "I understand better now..." with llongdissolve
c "Oh?"
c "You do at last?"
tt "I understand that you're just crazy {b}son of a bitch.{/b}"
c "Hmm, {i}bitch{/i}... I'm not familiar with the word."
c "Eureka, put it in my {i}'to learn'{/i} list."
eu "Yes sir..."
c "Now..."
c "The dragon demands sacrifice."
c "We shall not delay any longer."
c "So he can become the ultimate protector of out tribe."
tt "Dragon?"
tt "DRAGON?!"
tt "{size=60}IT'S A FUCKING WYVERN, YOU MORON!{/size}"
tt "IT'S NOT A DEITY, IT WILL KILL YOU ALL WHEN IT GROWS UP!"
tt "IT DOESN'T NEED A SACRIFICE!"
tt "{b}YOU'RE DOING EVERYTHING FOR NOTHING!{/b}"
c "SILENCE!"
c "You do not belong to the Nightgale tribe."
c "You do not know our ways, THE ways!"
tt "Because your ways are {b}STUPID!{/b}"
tt "I should've listened to [name]!"
tt "He figured you out first."
tt "While I'm just a fool to the end."
tt "I'm sorry..."
I try to teleport nonetheless, weak sparks of magic being the only progress I make.
Weak...
tt "{i}I'M SORRY I LEFT YOU!{/i}" with hpunch
tt"{size=60}PLEASE, DON'T TAKE AWAY MY ONLY FRIEND!{/size}" with hpunch
pause 0.4
pause 0.8
pause 0.8
pause 1.5
pause 2
pause 3.5
pause 0.5
pause 2.5
pause 2
pause 2
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
pause 1
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
pause 1
pause 1
pause 4
All the Nightfallen look in horror at their Chief's bloody body, falling from the watchtower.
The guards are too stunned to keep their grip on the nameless cat, who wastes no time, and runs towards his tied up friend.
It seems like it's all over.
It seems like a happy ending might still be possible.
When a voice stops him, whispering, calm and pleading...
c "Ku'sani, please think about us."
The cat does not turn around, but despite all odds, despite the adrenaline, he stops and listens while breathing heavily.
After all, judging by the particles of ash flying gently his way, the voice's body will become nothing more than a gem any second.
c "This man is a traitor to you, a liar, a deceiver."
c "He brought you only sorrow."
c "He left you, again and again, while promising he is a friend."
c "He would build you up, and betray you in the end."
c "Going off to breed with your friends, rather than spend time helping you."
c "I see you have no more magic, if you take him with you, you might even die."
c "Why risk yourself with someone like this?"
c "You got your revenge on me, spare your brethren, and let the ceremony commence."
The cat's gaze turns to sadness over anger.
Whatever is going on inside his head, it does not look too promising for the leopard's fate.
Tears stream down his cheeks, a last look at his once friend, before a bright flash of blue takes him away.
un scared"What--"
un "What just happened?"
wf "Cat gone!"
wf "Arrows back ready!"
un "No..."
un "The- the cat, he was supposed to-"
un "He was suppsoed to save-"
wf "Set!"
un "[name], wake up..."
wf "Fire!"
eu "{b}NO!{/b}"
un scared"..."
un "[name]?"
un "You can't just leave me like this."
un "It's dark...I-"
un "I can't breathe."
un "Not again..."
xx "Ughhh, finally, that critter is out of the picture."
un scared"!"
un "Who's there?"
xx "My magic investment in that Chief proved to not only be useless...but a hindrance."
un ang"Show yourself!"
xx "It is a pity, really, I had a lot of uses for this little white one, but if fate brought him death, so be it."
un scared"It's...it's you."
xx "Can you believe it?"
xx "After so long."
xx "At least now you'll stop playing your little games."
xx "Did you have fun, {i}'Scribbles'{/i}?"
un sad"I-"
xx "No no, you don't respond to rhetorical questions, silly."
xx "You look stupid when you do that."
xx "What is that?"
xx "Are you crying?"
un sad2"My friend is no more..."
xx "Yes, well, it's not like it's the first time."
xx "Get over it already."
xx "Now come on, back to the crystal you go."
xx "We'll have to meet some other time."
xx "When the next idiot stumbles upon you."
un "Yes, sir..."
...
Later that night.
eu "Hey...aren't you going to give a speech?"
ra "What for?"
eu "Your father is dead, and you'll be our next Chief, you should at least show up to the pyre."
ra "{i}*scuff*{/i}"
eu "What's wrong?"
eu "Isn't that what we wanted?"
eu "He's finally gone, no more dangerous missions inside their cities, no more meaningless sacrifices for any lizard that comes by..."
eu "We won."
eu "What...what are you doing?"
ra "I'm packing our things, what does it look like I'm doing?"
eu "..."
eu "Look, I know this wasn't exactly the plan..."
eu "[name] wasn't supposed to die, in the end, I feel pity, might even say I miss him."
ra "You were supposed to protect him..."
eu "I didn't think Ku'sani would ever abandon him."
eu "The Chief used his last breath to change his mind."
ra "I should've been there