.
It's a unique experience, to pose nude for someone.
Especially when I see the frowns and angry looks on her face, as she struggles with anatomy.
The lip bites, smiles and thigh squeezing make up for it, showing that in the end, she loves what she's doing, or at least what she's seeing.
Minutes pass by, brush stroke after brush stroke, sweat dripping down her forehead.
m "Finally."
y naked"Is it done?"
m "The sketch."
y nakedbored"You gotta be kidding."
m "What?"
m "Bored already?"
y "The pressure on my prostate is a nice touch, but standing here without touching myself? Yes, I'd say it becomes a little boring."
m "Then it's time for my hidden technique to rise to the surface."
m "Remember what I told you before?"
m "That I'm working on some special magic to help me?"
y naked"I did retain that information."
She lets go of her brush midair, but instead of falling down, it remains levitating.
She makes her way towards me while slowly removing her dress.
m "Don't you dare move a muscle, you don't want to ruin my painting, do you?"
y nakedawkward"N-no ma'am."
Before I know it, she stands before me, completely naked.
She cups my balls with cold hands, almost making me break the pose.
Then dangles a small remote in front of me.
m "Now let me join you, and make it more interesting."
She presses a button and the toy begins to vibrate, making sure I see her doing so.
m "Still bored?"
y nakedhurt2"N-no, ah...hmmhf..."
m "Good to hear."
m "Hope you don't mind me using this to make my pose more dynamic."
My cock is as erect as it can get, when her hands gently touch my tip, and starts rubbing along the shaft.
y "B-but what a-about the p-painting?"
m "Aww, you're that concerned about my hobby?"
m "That's so cute, but look over there."
The brush that was levitating begins to move when Merina settle's in her pose and stops moving.
y "W-what's happening?"
She presses another button on the remote, speeding up the vibrations.
y "O-oh god..."
m "I realized I have a very weak affinity to animation."
m "Ironic name, I know."
m "I trained my brush to paint whatever it has in front as long as nothing moves too much."
m "It's not as good at it as me, but it's faster."
m "Are you even listening?"
y "H-hard to listen when you...when you're ba-basically milking me from inside a-and outside..."
m "Well if you're asking so nicely, I'll just set it on max."
The pleasure is too much, overwhelmed with sensations, combined with the fact that I abstained myself for this exact moment, I am reaching climax at a rapid rate.
y "I-I'm gonna-"
m "Don't move, you'll ruin the painting."
What is that if not an invitation to cum all over her?
With my cock directed at her face, and some heavy hits on my prostate, I start spraying like a fountain.
Her pristine white fur gets covered in... more white stuff, getting some in her pink, silky hair and along her hourglass body.
Although it wasn't your conventional sex, it was still the best orgasm I ever had, lasting over ten seconds, encouraged by the continuous high vibrations inside me, with immense pleasure running through my whole body.
Finally, the toy stops moving and my balls run dry.
For the first time, I start panting like an animal, my stamina drained along with the cum.
Merina keeps the same sly, satisfied expression she likes to make.
She does not look too bothered by her wet, sticky fur.
At that moment, the brush slowly descends and lays on the canvas's stand.
y nakedhurt2"I..."
y "I hope I didn't ruin the painting."
m "Let's see."
Merina walks to the canvas and takes a good look at it, I'm still too stunned to move, so I foolishly don't follow.
A smile crosses her face, then picks up the painting and turns it around.
y nakedblush"Wow."
Merina was the one that made the sketch for the poses, and that is impressive, but the coloring done by the brush itself is amazing as well.
m "This one goes straight to my personal collection."
m "Unless... you want it?"
y nakedbored"There's a cat that likes to teleport into my room whenever he wants."
m "Better not then."
y nakedsmug"Still, I came here thinking we'll fuck and be done with it."
y "But this was way more entertaining than I thought."
m "I wasn't too weird, was I?"
y naked"No way."
y nakedsmug"I mean, you're a total freak, don't get me wrong."
m "Ha ha..."
y naked"But the good kind."
y nakedsimple"Actually... that reminds me."
y "You didn't cum... did you?"
I dare direct my gaze to her thighs, the fur between them soaking wet.
y nakedpf"Or... yes?"
m "Watch out [name]! You're gayness is showing."
y "Oh give me a break, I never thought a woman, especially one as hot as you, would want to do stuff like this with me."
y "I've been preparing for horny men all my life."
m "I can see that, not that it's a problem or anything."
m "To answer your question, no, I did not."
m "But don't worry, that was never my intention."
m "I only ever wanted to have this memory."
m "Now, when 3 AM comes around and I can't sleep, I'll have something to look back upon."
m "And this treasure to look at."
She smooches the painting, some paint sticking to her lips.
m "Might've been a bad idea."
She puts the canvas down, spins around and gets engulfed in a thin layer of ice.
The ice shatters and disappears, leaving only clean fur behind.
No paint, no cum, no nothing.
y nakedsurprised"Holy shit!"
y "That's such a nice trick."
m "You learn a thing or two when a single element is all you're talented at."
m "Want a quick clean as well?"
m "I warn you, it's cold."
y nakedsmug"Can't say I got too dirty, but this bad boy could use a wipe."
I point at my now softened, dripping penis.
m "Say no more."
Cold?
More like freezing!
y nakedhurt2"Brrrr."
y "I thought the ice age came back for a moment."
m "Told you so."
We both get dressed and let that after sex silence set.
m "Hey, uhm, so...this might be weird, but I want to give you something."
y bored"If it's the painting we established I don't want- I mean, can't take it."
m "Heh, it's not that, it's something a bit more personal."
She conjures a lot of magic in her hands, making them glow.
When she opens them, a small, blue stone appears.
Similar to the one she wears around her neck.
m "Here."
y pf"A stone!"
y "Thaaaanks."
m "It's a magical stone."
y s"Now you grabbed my attention."
m "Me and Ollie have one as well."
m "It's a bit silly, but you know how cowardly and pessimistic Ollie is, no offense to him."
y simple"Yeah?"
m "This is kind of like an ultimate protection for both of us."
m "Whenever we're in big danger, it activates, and the other person knows exactly where we are."
y s"I can already tell it he finds it reassuring to know his friend is safe when he's not around, and vice versa."
m "Yes, it's nice for me too."
m "Both of us have two stones."
m "So far, we haven't given one to anyone else..."
m "But I want you to have this one."
y surprised"I... don't know what to say."
m "Honestly, it's probably worthless, this school is not that dangerous."
m "You can consider it a friendship bracelet."
y simple"Do you think... it will work during the test?"
m "Doubt even this Headmaster would put his students' life in danger for the stone to activate.."
y ec"I'm going to treasure this anyway, thank you so much."
She smiles in return, such a warm, sisterly smile.
You wouldn't believe the things we did before this moment.
m "Now, we have a big day tomorrow, the battles are coming up."
y "You're right, I forgot how tired I actually was before even coming here."
m "I'd invite you over, but I believe my husband is still home tonight."
y surprised"..."
m "I'm KIDDING!"
m "I'm kidding, wow, you should've seen your face."
y pf"That was a cruel joke!"
m "I know, I'm too serious of a person to make jokes like that."
m "Still, I'll go see if Ollie's around then go sleep for a while as well."
y ec"Goodnight then, thanks for the great time!"
y "And the gift."
m "Thanks for being my muse."
And so, I leave with the fresh memory of a smiling, elegant fox in my mind.
The walk back to the dorm was a blur, each second made me more and more tired as the adrenaline and other love chemicals were running out.
Not only the battles, I also have a Wild Fur hunt in the morning...
I hope I don't sleep in.
Thankfully I don't need another shower, at the very least.
Sweet dreams... here I come.
The next thing I feel is the cold side of the pillow hitting my face, and the heavy blanket covering me up.
un "..." with dissolve
un "Dear diary."
un "My vessel has fallen asleep."
un "He looks peaceful and pleased with his accomplishments today, even in this dormant state."
un "In the back of his mind, I can feel the image of a cat lingering still."
un "Unfortunately for him, that won't last."
un "Time for chaos."
un "{i}End of entry.{/i}" with dissolve
un bored"..." with dissolve
un "Hey, mortal."
un "{b}Hey, wake up.{/b}"
y sleepy"Mhmm?"
un ang"{size=70}WAKE THE FUCK UP!{/size}" with hpunch
y scream"AH!"
y angry"How the hell do you scream so loud inside my head?"
y "What do you want?"
un simple"We gotta go."
y confused"Go?"
un ang"Go make you stronger!"
un "I told you about my plan, didn't I?"
un "We go in the middle of the night, get the cat, so he can teleport us there."
y sleepy"What time is it again?"
un bored"I believe it's about 3:15 AM."
y "And why didn't you tell me to go earlier, when I was awake?"
un simple"..."
un bored"I forgot."
un squint"I was busy watching... things in your mind."
y "Well, now I'm busy dreaming, so get lost."
un simple"Are-"
un bored"Are you fucking kidding me?"
un ang"THIS IS FOR YOUR OWN BENEFIT!"
un "MORE SO THAN MINE!"
un "GET YOUR ASS UP!"
y asleep"{i}*snooooore*{/i}."
un "THAT'S IT!"
un "YOU ASKED FOR IT!"
un bored"{i}Music Volume Warning.{/i}"
un "You have been warned."
y angry"What the-"
y "CUT IT OUT!"
y "STOP, HOW ARE YOU MAKING THIS NOISE?!"
I cover my ears with a pillow, but that's not an effective way to stop a sound from inside your head.
un "I'll stop when you get up."
y hurt2"Ughhhh!"
y "Alright!"
y "I'm up! I'm up!"
un simple"Oki."
un tease"Yey!"
y bored"You're lucky you're useful..."
un bored"I'm the only reason you survived so far in this place."
un "Let's go collect the cat."
y "If you want him just to teleport us, he won't, so there's no reason."
un ang"WHAT?!"
un "Why?"
y "He was drained of magic today, plus, he needs all the energy he can get for tomorrow."
y "I'm not forcing him to teleport us for whatever business you have there."
un "We!"
un "Whatever business WE have!"
un bored"And you know what?"
un "Fine, I can't force him to do it and I don't know how to manipulate you into convincing him, so can he at least fly us there?"
un "We really need to be discreet and fast."
y simple"I suppose I could bother him for that, even if it's the middle of the night..."
un "Thank you for cooperating this once."
I make a quick visit to the bathroom, then grab a coat and walk out the door.
If we'll fly, then I'll be thankful for this.
y simple"Hopefully I remember where his room is."
y "The next floor, room 123, right?"
un "I believe so."
un squint"It would've been funny if you forg- wait, FUCK!"
un "That could've been such a good prank!"
y smug"Haa, sucks to suck."
I go up the stairs and search for his dorm.
The lights in the hallway are still on, but only dimly.
y pf"Hmm, do we need to?"
un "Don't tell me you feel bad waking him up."
un "He LITERALLY barged into your dorm and basically kidnapped you last night."
un "Around the same hour."
y bored"Good point."
I knock on the door a bit harder than intended, letting a bit of frustration out.
A light can be seen through the crevices, coming closer.
It only now dawns on me that he must be almost naked, just like I was when he barged in my room.
Well, maybe not completely butt naked.
Still, I'll be seeing him in even less clothes than usual...I should try to contain myself when that happens.
The door unlocks and creaks open.
In front of me stands a very tired cat, wearing... uhmm, something.
With a candle lamp in hand.
y simple"What are you wearing?"
t "Is that why you woke me up? To ask me about my pajamas?"
y sadsmile"N-no, sorry."
t "So why are you here?"
t "I hope you didn't get a burst of empathy for my baby, because I'm not going after him right now."
y "I just wanted to ask a favor, I know you're still recovering your magic, but could you fly us- ME!"
y "Could you fly {b}me{/b} somewhere real quick?"
t "Now?"
y "Yeah, it's kind of urgent."
t "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
t "You did a lot for me so I can't say no."
t "Where to? Is it far?"
Scribbles, is it far?
un "No, just around the academy."
y s"Not too far."
t "Is it illegal?"
Is it?
un "I don't think so, just secret."
y "No, I just don't want anyone to see."
t "Disappointing."
t "Let me get my broom and change."
Will you tell me where we're going?
un "You'll know when we get there."
un "All I can say is that we're going after an artifact."
The cat returns with his usual smile on, sleep disappearing from his eyes as time passes.
y simple"Hey... you didn't change."
t "Yeah, I realized that two crop tops are not really the best things to wear while flying at night, so I'm going to keep this on."
t "You said nobody can see us, so I'm not worried about meeting strangers in my pajamas."
t "Although, let's be honest, I'm still looking hawt as ever!"
y"No comment."
We walk outside and I hop on his broom, already remembering the feeling of soaring through the sky.
He's so lucky to do this whenever he wants.
t "Are you gonna tell me what this is about?"
t "I don't mind being your partner in crime, but I'm nosy, so I want to know things, especially things that aren't my business."
y s"I just need to retrieve something."
y awkward"It... uhm, came to me in a dream."
t "Are you a seer or something?"
y "N-no?"
t "Ah."
t "So you're crazy?"
y bored"Just focus on flying..."
t "There's not much to focus on."
y simple"Are you sure we're high enough?"
t "Yeah, the sky is too dark tonight for us to be seen, relax."
Our arguing is cut short by something peculiar.
A little origami bird flaps its wings beside us, trying to keep pace.
t "What the hell is that?"
y simple"I think it just got picked up by the wind."
t "There isn't much wind."
ori "Greetings."
t "IT SPOKE!" with hpunch
Indeed, the little paper crane just said hello to us, that is... not the weirdest thing I've seen so far.
y "Uhm, hi?"
ori "My master would like to have a word with you, mister [name2]."
t "It knows you!"
ori "He's waiting below."
We gaze at the ground, spotting a horse looking and waving at us under an illuminated pole.
y "Is that Therium?"
t "Damn it!"
t "Nobody was supposed to see us."
t "How the hell did he know?"
ori "Please proceed to-"
The origami gets cat-slapped out of the air, recovering dozens of feet behind, but not daring approach again.
t "Stupid summons."
t "Your call [name], should we continue or go down to that creep?"
y simple"Why {i}'creep'{/i}?"
t "Just another feeling I have."
y "I thought you liked him."
t "That's before I realized he's a little obsessed with you."
y "Well, I'd like to make sure he keeps his mouth shut, so we better go."
t "And here I thought nobody will see me in pajamas..."
He slowly descends towards the patiently waiting horse.
He greets us with a smile, the paper crane from earlier disappearing in a small cloud of blue smoke around him.
th "Good evening, [name]."
y "Hi Therium."
th "My, I'm glad you remembered me."
th "We spent way less time together than I wanted the past two days."
t "Is that why you had to stalk and interrupt our flight?"
My broom partner watches him with squinted eyes.
th "Hey, ermm, you...what's your name again?"
t "None of your business."
th "Right, well, {i}Noneofyourbusiness{/i}, would you mind giving me and [name] a minute alone?"
t "Of course..."
t "I'll just go {b}fuck{/b} myself then."
t "It will be easier to cum this way too, since I'll have the thought of you two fucking fresh in my brain."
He walks away, rounding the corner and disappearing from view.
th "Somebody stepped on his tail, huh?"
y simple"Don't mind him, he's a bit on edge because of... stuff."
th "Well, he wasn't entirely wrong."
y surprised"Huh?"
th "I did mainly want to ask if you'd be interested in joining me for the evening?"
th "As I said, I wanted to get to know you better, and since fate had us both meet so late at night, the love story is writing itself already."
th "I know I'm asking you to leave your friend right now, but I promise I'm worth your time."
He is not ashamed to say what he's thinking, and his thoughts are bold and full of confidence to say something like that to my face.
Needless to say... I'm absolutely flattered and flustered.

--- CHOICES ---
→ A fun and long night of actual, real sex, or staying here with the cat?
→ Nope
→ Just then my cat friend decides the minute of alone time he has given us is over.
→ I doubt he could cum that fast anyway...
→ Absolutely.
→ Therium looks surprised by my fast agreement.
→ He takes two steps towards me, cups my chin and kisses me on the lips.
→ It was fast, confident and dare I say violent, but most of all, hot.
→ His lips leave mine almost as quick as they touched them, but seeing how I didn't pull away, he goes in for round two.
→ This time gentler, nibbling at my lips and sliding his tongue inside more, before breaking this one as well.
→ Just as he gives me back my personal space, my cat friend decides to show up again.
→ Me neither...
→ He clings to my arm with both hands, like a kid that doesn't want his mom to go.
--- END CHOICES ---

th "For now, if I may ask, why the inconspicuous flying in the middle of the night?"
t "You love asking questions that don't concern you at all."
th "Don't think ill of me, I am simply curious, it's not my place to either judge you nor punish you for anything."
y awkward"We were just having a late night stroll."
y "A lot of things on our mind, with the test coming up, you know?"
th "Absolutely, I understand."
th "Two first years, stressful times."
th "Perfect for romance."
Our ears twitch at the remark, but neither protest or argue.
y "R-right."
y "Well-"
th "No worries, I'll keep your little secret."
y "Thanks!"
y sadsmile"Uh, have a nice rest of the night, Therium."
t "Good riddance."
We try to fly away, with some difficulties arising since somebody was too impatient to take off...
y angry"Stop moving the broom!"
t "Get on already!"
y "You start ascending too early!"
t "Just jump!"
y surprised"Alright I'm on-oh, wait wait WAIT!"
t "God damn it [name].."
th "Do... you need some help?"
t "NO!" with hpunch
Fast forward a minute and grumpy cat later, I continue to guide the way wherever Scribbles tells me to.
I almost forgot why I'm here at this point.
un "Here! Right here!"
un "Tell him to get down!"
Oh really? I was thinking of telling him to go up to the moon.
un "Don't give me attitude."
y s"Here's the place, we should land."
t "You're the boss."
We get off in a random area surrounded by the academy's walls, large trees and bushes, as well as the occasional street lamp.
t "Sooo, why here?"
Yeah Scribbles, why here?
un "I'm going to tell you why."
un "Right after you tell the cat to fuck off."
What?
I'm not telling him to go away after he brought me all the way here!
un ang"This is a BIG secret!"
un "The only reason I'm even sharing it with you is because of desperation!"
un "I can't have this guy know too."
Tough luck for you then, because I'm not betraying him like this.
t "Aaare you ok?"
I realize I've been thinking to myself ever since we landed, from a third person's perspective, I must look a bit mad.
y awkward"I'm ok!"
y "Just let me think for a second."
Scribbles! You better tell me or else-
un curious"Or else what?"
un "What can you possibly do to convince me?"
un pride"You can't touch me."
But I can touch myself.
un suspicious"Congrats? Perv."
N-no not like that, I mean if you don't tell me, I'll just do this.
{i}*inhaaaaale*{/i}
...
...
un "What- what is this?"
...
un suspicious"What do you think you're doing?"
...
un squint"Stop."
...
un worried"I SAID STOP IT!" with hpunch
...
un scared"BREATHE DAMN IT!"
...
un "PLEASE!"
...
The cat watches me confused and worried as my face goes purple.
un "ALRIGHT! ALRIGHT I'LL TELL YOU, GIVE ME AIR!"
{i}*Exhaaaaale*{/i}
{i}*Inhaaale*{/i}
{i}*Exhale*{/i}
{i}*Inhale*{/i}
Glad we could compromise.
un ang"You evil son of a bitch!"
un cry"I can't believe you'd turn my PTSD into a bargaining weapon!"
un "I gave up too early..."
un "Next time I'll just let you suffocate!"
Just tell us what your super secret plan is...
un bored"You see those stairs in the middle there?"
y "Come with me."
un "Before continuing, do you let me cast a noise canceling spell around us?"
Granted.
The same moment, most of the night's sounds stop, crickets, tree branches blowing in the wind, everything disappears.
t "Huh?"
t "Is there something wrong with my ears?"
Yes, it is an eerie experience.
un "Nobody can hear us, you can't hear anybody."
un "Now just repeat these words after me:"
un"'Aperi, deus tuus senex hic est'"
I pride myself in a pretty good memory when it comes to useless knowledge, so I repeat the words perfectly.
As soon as I'm done...
The stairs start rotating upside down.
The steps that went upwards until now are now making a path into a dark pit.
Pitch black
un"You could work on your pronunciation more."
Really?
I thought I did good.
un"Decent."
t "Ah! Now I get it."
t "You're taking me to hell."
t "It all makes sense now."
y sadsmile "Sorry, as I said, I barely know why I'm here myself."
t "I lived here for over a decade and I never knew about this place."
t "I have SO many questions."
t "Do I push them in the back of my mind because I still think this is all a dream?"
t "Yep."
y "This cold is definitely enough to wake anyone up."
y "Now come on."
t "Wait, we're actually going in there?"
y "Since when are you refusing adventure invitations?"
t "You're right, what is wrong with me? Hell, here we come!"
y "That's the spirit."
We descend slowly into the darkness.
Finally I found a good use of my own magic, as I create an energy ball that, although not very dangerous, it gives off enough light to act as a torch.
The pit is not as deep as I thought, the darkness is just thicker than usual, like dark mist.
We get to a long corridor.
The walls are similar to the ones in the academy itself.
On both sides of the corridor there are pedestals filled with items.
y simple"And what are all these?"
t "You're the one who should know."
Actually I was asking Scribbles, I should try not to think out loud.
un tease"Ah."
un"My old toys, I'm glad to see they're still kept well, although it looks like some are missing."
t "Who's the rich bitch that hoarded all this stuff?"
un ang"Who is the dumbass calling me a bitch?"
un pride"And for information, yes, you could say I was {i}'rich'{/i}."
y "It seems like someone was here before us, a lot of things are missing."
t "Yeah, a lot of empty pedestals."
un bored"Now, we are looking for a medallion."
un"In the shape of a diamond."
un"This school's emblem in fact."
Finally, information.
y "Keep your eyes open for a medallion in the shape of the school's emblem."
t "You got it."
t "Ooooh what's that?"
y bored"It's not a medallion, that's what it is!"
{i}*sigh*{/i}
What is this thing, Scribbles?
un simple"That's my All Seeing Orb."
t "Looks like a spying ball."
t "It's a beauty."
t "I wonder how it works..."
un "He knows a thing or two about magic items, it seems."
un "You know what?"
un "He impressed me."
un "Here, you can tell him how it works."
un"You just have to say 'Reveal to me' and the name of the person or object you want to see."
And here I thought I should choke myself out again to make you tell me.
un "Don't cross the line."
y s"Why don't you try a very basic and uninspired command, like... let's say, {i}'Reveal to me'{/i} and the person you want it to reveal."
un ang"Who are you calling uninspired?!"
t"Will it work if I don't know their last names?"
un bored"As long as there is no other person with the same name, and you specify where they are."
y "Probably."
t "Hmmm."
menu catsee:
t "Reveal to me-"
t"Dallan, Academy of Lakonia."
Dallan appears as an image inside the ball.
His slow, steady breathing, calm shut eyes, blanket up to the neck and the stuffed animal he's hugging, tell us that he must be having a wonderful sleep.
t "Wow, it worked."
t "Not only that, but I'm seeing something I never thought I'd see."
t "Dallan sleeping soundly."
y simple"I take it he pulls a lot of all nighters?"
t "I really don't know when that guy sleeps and how he has the energy to function."
t "We should check someone else, I don't even want to risk looking at him too hard, so he doesn't feel it and wakes up."
y s"Who's next on the list then?"
t"Therium, Academy of Lakonia."
The orb starts glowing.
It shows Therium's face from up close, he's smiling with his eyes closed and hands over his head.
y simple"Why him?"
y "I thought you didn't like him."
t "Gotta keep tabs on the people you don't like."
t "Keep your friends close and enemies on needles."
The orb slowly zooms out.
It appears he's on a bed, no longer outside, ready to go to sleep.
The image slowly gets further and further.
t "Is he in his underwear?"
y simple"..."
y blush"Nope, not even underwear."
Not only is he naked, but his dick is out, semi erect, resting on his stomach.
If I were to estimate, I'd say it's about ten inches long at the moment, and probably bigger when it's hard.
The smile must be of satisfaction, it seems like he just finished his, uhm...
Business...
Looking closer, I notice the white liquid against his white chest and belly fur.
Completely covering him.
t "Huh."
t "He's pretty hung."
y "Does that change your opinion on him?"
t "No, but it does make me question the morality of this ball."
y simple"Yeah.. it feels a bit illegal, to say the least."
t "That's why we must continue!"
t "Aiden, Academy of Lakonia."
Nothing happens.
t "Hmmm, Aiden Kiraman, Academy of Lakonia."
The ball is silent.
y simple"Weird."
y "Why doesn't it work on him?"
un bored"I don't know, it's a stupid ball, it does that sometimes."
t "It's just a stupid ball, probably malfunctioned or something."
un simple"Hey, that's what I said!"
y simple"I really think we should stop."
t "Yeah, you're right..."
t "Uhmm."
t "Actually, do you mind if I try just one more?"
y "Go ahead, if you must."
He takes a deep breath, mumbling under his breath, as if praying.
t "{size=30}Reveal to me, Sebil Mandrate.{/size}"
The ball stays silent.
t "..."
y surprised"Sebil... isn't that-"
t "Yep..."
y simple"I feel inclined to ask more questions about that."
t "Hey, I followed you in a secret dungeon in the middle of the night and didn't ask too many questions."
y "That's fair."
y "I guess we all have secrets we rather keep, until there's no way out but to spill them."
t "Yeah."
t "..."
t "Hey, do you think it only works on people?"
With those few words, realization hit us both like a truck, but mine died down when thinking about the requirements.
y sad"You need a name to look into the ball, I'm sorry..."
t "Well, I didn't tell you... because I knew you didn't love him as much as I did, and that's ok."
t "But I did."
y surprised"You named him?"
y confused"When?"
t "Even before he hatched."
y surprised"Then what are you waiting for?!"
t "Aren't you upset I didn't tell you?"
y ec"Do you think I care about that now? I want to see the end of this."
He smiles softly and turns back to the ball.
t "Seraph."
He again demonstrates his lack of naming skills, but that thought is quickly cut by the image of a little, sleeping wyvern.
Its tail wrapped around its body, in a nest of grass and flowers, under a wooden totem and numerous trees behind him, large trees, VERY large trees.
He looks... peaceful.
The cat is too stunned to speak, on the verge of tears.
y "Would this be a bad time for a {i}'I told you so' comment{/i}?"
t "You were right, he IS just fine."
t "And I think I know where he is..."
y surprised"You do?!"
t "I know the general area at least."
t "I can't teleport us there, but I can fly."
y s"Well this just made our job at least four times easier then." with hpunch
Before I know it, another big hug from a small person comes my way.
t "I don't know what's going on."
t "What your deal really is, with all these secrets and weird things about you..."
t "But thank you."
t "Thank you so much, [name]."
I place my hand on his head, giving it a few light pats.
y ec"It's my pleasure."
y pf"We should continue further in and leave the ball alone, before we find things we shouldn't know..."
t "Yeah..."
t "Although, if this is such a cool and useful little thing, I wonder what the other stuff can do."
t "Ooooh, what are these?"
un ang"DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING YOU IMBECILES!"
He picks up three rings from a pedestal, putting them all on.
Magic multi-colored sparkles start shooting from his fingers.
y s"Neat."
What are those Scribbles?
un bored"They're elemental rings."
un "They give you elemental powers."
un "But since neither of you have an affinity like that-"
un ang"TELL HIM TO PUT THEM BACK!"
y sleepy"Hey, put those back."
t "Why?"
y "I'm too tired to find an excuse, just don't mess with anything, please?"
y "We can get in trouble if things disappear."
t "Aaaalright, I can shoot sparkles from my hands anyway... so I'm not losing much."
We continue further very very slowly, since I have to pry the cat's hands open every time we go by an ancient relic and put it back, or else Scribbles foams at the mouth.
un ang"I'M PERFECTLY REASONABLE IN THIS SITUATION!"
A magic sword that cuts anything but flesh was particularly hard to get back.
t "BUT I WANT IT!"
y angry"YOU CAN'T HAVE IT!"
y "HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN GETTING A MAGICAL SWORD OVER NIGHT?!"
t "FAMILY HEIRLOOM!"
In our struggle, we accidentally drop it, cutting the pedestal of stone it was on cleanly in half.
The sword embedds itself in the floor, standing up straight with only the hilt still visible.
y bored"..."
t "oops."
t "Well, we're here to steal that necklace you wanted or whatever, so it's not like we would leave without a trace anyway."
y "I'm glad you revived your goofiness tonight, but please don't destroy the place."
t "Oh no worries, I don't want to get my pajamas dirty."
I take his hand and hold tight, not as friends, or lovers, but as a mother and her troublesome child in the toy aisle.
A faint light shines at the end of the tunnel, a warm and inviting yellow light.
t "Let me guess, that's what you need?"
Is it?
un bored"Yup."
y s"Yes."
t "I wish I could have dreams about secret passages and treasures as well."
t "Now THOSE would be great adventures."
On yet another pedestal stood the item Scribbles wanted.
A necklace with a broken chain