.
From behind, his torso moves up and down in spasms, his ears down to the ground.
He's crying, or at the very least, trying his hardest not to.
There's no point in me asking, or wondering, I know the conclusion of whatever happened.
I approached him, worried.
As Scribbles said, he did take a high dose of sleep poison, yet, he's here.
Hunched over a pool of blood.
y worried"hey..."
His ears twitch, but he remains silent in my presence.
His eyes, usually full of life, a sparkle always lit, are now dull, uninspired, depressed.
Magic particles flowing around him, created by his strong emotions.
y "Is that..."
He shakes his head gently.
t "It's one of theirs."
t "He got bit."
y "Not the smartest idea to wake up a wyvern."
t "Not the smartest idea to mess with me."
y sadsmile"He bit me once too, but I suppose I got off easy, heh?"
t "..."
t "They took him..."
Y sad"..."
y "Maybe it's for the best."
t "What..."
t "What do you mean?"
y worried"Tate..."
y "Listen."
He flinches and his ears twitch again as I try to place my hand on his shoulder.
y "You can't raise a wyvern."
He slaps my hand away.
t "How would you know?"
t "It's not like you spent that much time with me to know all my methods!"
pass
t "And why not?"
t "What am I supposed to do?"
t "You want me to just kill it?"
t "Maybe throw him off a cliff, or suffocate him in his sleep, all because he was unfortunate enough to lose his parents?"
y sad"You're right, Tate."
Another ear twitch.
y "You do have a tough decision here, I don't know what I'd do in your place, but I know what the right thing to do is."
He growls.
t "It's always {i}'Right'{/i} or {i}'Wrong'{/i} with you people, you just don't care enough to find the silver lining."
t "What if neither option is to my liking?"
t "{i}'Let's just force this little naive idiot to follow our ways!'{/i}"
t "{i}'He'll do whatever we say, because he's so lonely and pathetic!'{/i}"
t "Especially now, with you in the picture... your apathy towards the dragon was pissing me off from the very moment you laid eyes on his egg."
y sad"..."
y "Wyve-"
t "I don't... CARE!"
t "SHUT UP ABOUT YOUR STUPID WYVERN IDEA!"
t "HE COULD BE SATAN HIMSELF FOR ALL I CARE!"
t "HE WAS MY FRIEND!"
t "DON'T YOU GET IT?!"
t "CAN'T YOU TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY FOR ONCE?"
t "And this question is coming from me...of all people."
y worried"But I do, Tate!"
His eye twitches.
y "At least I try to."
t "Why are you even here right now?"
t "Just go hang around Merina, or make out with Oliver, or whatever other perverted things you came to the 'sex school' to do."
pass
y "It's simple."
y "I want to be around you, Tate."
Another ear twitch.
y sad"I know sometimes I fail to see the bigger picture."
y sadsmile"But if there is one thing I know, it is that I like you, Tate."
He clenches his fist, hard enough to compress the dirt trapped between his fingers, and shakes with anger.
t "For the last time..."
t "Would you stop..."
t "CALLING ME THAT!?"
t "I TOLD YOU ALREADY, TIME AND TIME AGAIN, THAT IS NOT MY NAME!"
t "I DON'T LIKE IT, IT'S NOT MINE!"
t "IT'S NOT YOURS TO CHOOSE, YOU MISERABLE EXCUSE OF A PARENT!"
He stops dead in his tracks after the last statement, looks at me, terrified, then pushes me down.
The particles multiplied after his outburst, teleporting him away.
I'm left alone in the clearing, still on my back.
I feel my friend's hands scorching the place they touched to push me.
It hurts more than any blade, punch or poison.
Un suspicious"Sheesh, you really fucked this up."
un bored"I didn't even feel like making comments in between the lines."
y sad"The worst part is that I don't understand what I did wrong."
un squint"Are you kidding me?"
un "You ditched him twice already, or was it three times? To go hang around that fox and her... whatever the mouse is to her, friend, lover, sex toy?"
pass
un eyeroll"He clearly just wanted someone that cares about him, and pets are usually a good source of unconditional love."
un "He took care of that egg for so long, and now that it hatched and it's gone, you're like {i}'maybe it's better your friend got kidnapped and is probably dead'{/i}."
un suspicious"And he kept trying to make you call him by any other name, except {i}'Tate'{/i}."
un "Even going as far as to name himself {i}'Tartarus'{/i} or {i}'The Prince of Shadows'{/i}."
un "And everyone around him, including you, treated it like a joke."
un "If that's not a cry for help, I don't know what is."
un sidee"The more I talk the more I realize how stupid you are."
un "And I don't even care about the cat that much."
un "I just think he's kinda neat."
un bored"But other than that, he could die for all I care."
un "And that tiger feels the same way, I bet many others too."
un "It must feel pretty shitty to be openly disliked by so many."
un suspicious"It's {b}YOU{/b} who should care more about him."
un "Because it's you {b}HE{/b} cares most about."
I reflect on the truth bomb Scribbles just dropped.
I want to argue, to explain myself, but I can't.
He's just... right.
y sad"Perhaps there really isn't a right and wrong answer."
y "I tried to see it through a logical perspective."
y "But the most logical would've been to do whatever makes him happy."
y "Not like it costs me anything to be supportive."
y worried"Now that I think about it, what was the reason he wanted to spend time with a random first year, if not to make an easy friend..."
y sad"I wish I could be more emphatic..."
un bored"So, are you gonna go after him?"
y simple"You want me to go?"
un eyeroll"I have a heart too, you know?"
un bored"Well, not right now, in my previous body..."
un "But it kind of sucks to see you fuck up {b}THIS{/b} badly."
un "So yeah, I want you to go."
un "Do {b}YOU{/b} want to go?"
y surprised"Absolutely."
y worried"But... where can I find him? He just teleported."
un "Oh, I think you know where."
y simple"..."
y "I think I do."
If his automatic spell took him somewhere with high emotional value, then I've been there before.
un s"You could ask the fox."
un bored"I'm pretty sure you would've known this yourself if you spent more time with the cat, but oh well, we already established you're an idiot."
y simple"Indeed I am, but I don't regret my time with Ollie and Merina."
un "And you shouldn't, you don't need to regret that to feel sorry for this."
un "You really need some lessons in philosophy and social interactions."
I run back towards the barrier, since signal doesn't work between a device inside and outside the barrier.
After minutes of sprinting and a heavy breath I take out my phone and text Merina, asking what Tate's favorite spot to go to when he's upset is.
She's worried and asks too many questions, but I dodge them and focus on the trouble at hand.
She gives me some directions towards a part of the forest with a semi abandoned train track.
I believe I saw it before, when we flew over the forest.
No time to waste then.
I run like the wind, using my speed enchantments.
I arrive at the desired spot exhausted, I find the train tracks and start walking slowly along their rim.
Doesn't take long until I start hearing the rustling of leaves and the scraping of sand and dirt.
I leave the path, and round the corner through some more bushes and find a coiled up cat, sitting on the ground near an old, abandoned crashed wagon, drawing in sand with a stick, seemingly expressionless.
I know he heard me, since I'm not trying to be sneaky, and mother nature is not known for its quiet environment when every branch and leaf is basically a mini alarm.
I take his lack of reaction as a sign that I can approach, so I do, standing now just three feet behind him, crouched down, looking at his sand drawing.
A mighty dragon stands with its wings spread, and two small people on its sides, with their arms raised.
Something tells me he was expecting me.
I decide to keep my mouth shut for a bit, and focus on listening, but the silence only lasts for a little while anyway, broken by the sad voice of a cat, the saddest I've heard him since I met him.
T "I'm sorry I lashed out at you..."
y simple"I don't blame you."
t "..."
t "I know he's a wyvern... I always did."
t "I just didn't want to admit it, since I know the chances are slim to domesticate one..."
t "You'd have better chances at keeping an alligator as a pet."
t "You're new, and don't know me very well, obviously."
t "If barely."
T "I'm not sure why I so expected for us to become a bonded pair, just like that."
t "I suppose it all went a bit over my head."
t "Maybe I thought I could get a genuine, awesome friend."
T "You're one of the {i}'cool'{/i} guys, new, powerful, popular, kind of naive, no offence, so I thought you'd be perfect to befriend."
The picture he's been drawing now has multiple people around it.
I can recognize Dallan's big muscles and sleeveless jacket, Aiden's snarky, arm crossing pose, Merina's elegant dress and two more that I don't recognize, but judging by their ears, they could definitely be members of the E.F.D. club if they applied.
I sit down closer to him.
Although he's trying to stay focused on the ground, I can see he's waiting for my response with a held breath.
y "..."
t "..."
y "..."
y "May I know... what's so wrong about your name?"
t "..."
t "It's stupid."
t "They named me that because of my happy-go-lucky personality."
t "It literally means {i}'Cheerful'{/i}."
t "And I just don't want to believe I'm that shallow..."
y "Forgive me for the question."
y "But is that not accurate?"
t "To be honest?"
t "I suppose?"
t "I'm happy, because I try my hardest to be."
t "I just hate when people pity me, or try to tiptoe around me just because I don't have parents."
t "So I try to show everyone I'm ok."
t "Which is true."
t "I AM ok..."
t "And it's not a lie, I just wanted a friend that knows that..."
t "But even THEY don't see it."
He points at the drawing of the two long eared figures, which I now assume must be his adoptive parents.
t "Plus it just doesn't sound that great, in my humble opinion."
t "Although, they didn't want that name either, at first..."
t "The people around kept calling me that, since they haven't decided on a name."
t "But in the end, they kept it."
t "Too bad I couldn't remember my real name."
y "Is it that bad? To be named by the town's people?"
He shrugs.
t "Names have the most meaning when it's given by someone you love."
t "Like your parents..."
t "I was about seven years old when they finally decided on a name, at that point...it felt a bit redundant."
t "Not very meaningful."
t "And to put more salt to the wound, they invented a last name for me too."
t "Since I was never officially adopted."
t "Can you take a guess to what it might be?"
y "Uhm... Feline?"
t "That... would be stupid too, and kinda funny, but no."
t "It's Foster, Tate Foster, the foster child."
t "Wooow..."
t "So unique, so..."
t "Stupid..."
t "Let's remind him every day of his two main distinct traits."
y "You're right, it's stupid."
t "Thank you!"
t "I legally changed it when I turned eighteen... but mister Sebil was upset, calling it disrespectful, so I changed it back..."
y "Are they good to you?"
y "Your parents."
t "Yeah, very."
t "I do have some bottled up emotions for them, still, I love them."
t "Don't get me wrong, I know I talk them down a lot, but they were great people... just not great at raising kids."
t "At least not this kid."
t "They gave me food, shelter, clothing, personal space, education, love, but there was always something missing..."
t "My problems were always overlooked, like my name."
t "Most of the time I can't even bring myself to call them by anything other than their names..."
y "I don't know what my name means either, but I like it, since it's the name my mother gave me, and I love her, so I respect it."
t "Must be nice..."
y sad"..."
y "Is that why you kept trying to change your name yesterday and today?"
t "Something like that..."
t "I'd take a stupid name too, if I feel like it's truly my own."
t "The problem is that it needs to stick to people before I decide to change it."
t "Don't want another {i}Tartarus{/i} situation."
His drawing is now done, but the dragon was erased in the process, replaced by a little wyvern.
Same with the other people around, except for two.
This way, the two figures next to the wyvern, the two felines, became the main attraction.
y simple"..."
Y "Can I hug you?"
T "Huh?"
He looks surprised, but quickly recovers.
T "I'm usually the one who does that... without asking."
Y "So?"
T "..."
t "Yeah..."
He does not resist, but doesn't make a big effort to return it either.
He's shaking, and I feel like he'll fall over any moment.
y simple"Are you feeling alright?"
T "Fine, just..."
T "I just don't have much magic left..."
t "Actually, I'm almost completely paralyzed."
y worried"Are you serious?"
t "Teleporting with my mind alone, my body kind of took a hit, It hurt to even move the stick to draw..."
t "But hey, at least now I know I can do it!"
t "Isn't it awesome?"
y sadsmile"Absolutely, I'd express more joy if I wasn't so worried for you."
t "Eh, I'll be fine in an hour or two."
I hold him for a little while longer, sharing body heat and supporting his barely standing body.
y simple"..."
y "We're going to get him back."
t "I told you."
t "I can't move."
t "And I won't be able to until I get some magic back."
y s"We don't have to do it right now."
y "We'll go tomorrow, early in the morning."
t "Do you think he'll be alright by tomorrow?"
y "Whoever took him didn't seem to want to kill him, or us, otherwise, they would've done so already."
t "But he's a wyvern!"
t "I already told you, I always knew."
y "You still consider him your friend, don't you?"
t "Yeah, but-"
y determined"No buts!"
y "I'm your friend as well, there is no question about it, and I never want you to doubt it, as your friend, I'm not letting anything happen to your other friends."
His eyes light up with hope, and the smile comes back, even if it is smaller than usual.
T "What about the battles tomorrow?"
Y confused"Battles?"
t "Pair battles, yes."
t "Everyone pairs up and we do a two against two battle."
y simple"I forgot those are a thing."
Y "Why are you concerned about that?"
Y "Isn't this way more important?"
T "We can't miss them."
t "The Headmaster will be watching this year, the same as today."
t "To assess the students, or something."
t "I don't want to miss it, and more importantly, I don't want YOU to miss it."
y sadsmile"You just can't not take care of your friends, can you?"
t "I'm not as selfish as I let out to be."
y "Alright."
y s"As you wish."
y "We'll demolish any first years that are unfortunate enough to be paired against us."
t "Love the spirit."
t "I pity those people already."
t "I'm going to have to unleash my pent up rage on them."
t "I said before that I hate sad people, so let's cheer up."
t "Although it's hard to be happy when you can't move."
t "I get upset just by thinking at how pathetic I must've looked until now with a frown on."
t "Which is a bit ironic."
y "Want me to carry you back?"
t "You and what muscle?"
y smug"I'll make you eat those words up, little jester."
I get up, place a strength enchantment on myself, and pick up the unexpecting cat, placing him over my shoulder like a log.
t "Oh my..."
t "Alright, I don't mind this."
y "Don't judge a book by its cover."
y "Shall we?"
t "Lead the way!"
I turn around before starting the trip, with his butt facing the same way as me, I take out my phone, and sneak a picture of his sand drawing.
The drawing of me, him and the little wyvern, all happy together.
Keepsake.
t "Hey, not to ruin your protagonistic hero moment, but your shoulder is a bit too narrow, it kinda hurts my stomach."
y simple"Oh, sorry."
I turn him around, picking him up bridal style instead.
y s"Is this better?"
t "The cat looks into the strong, manly leopard's eyes, lewd thoughts going on through his head as he's being manhandled effortlessly."
y smug"I'll take that as a yes."
We begin our journey back to the academy.
The trip is quiet, save for the occasional wild animal noises making my fur bristle, a fact that makes Ta- I mean, my good friend in my arms chuckle.
y bored"You realize I can easily drop you whenever, right?"
t "Then who would protect you against squirrels?"
t "Scaredy-cat."
y simple"Squirrels have a high chance of carrying rabies or other diseases."
t "Don't ruin nature for me please."
y "You asked for it."
t "Let's pass the time with something that doesn't include being a nerd."
y "What do you propose?"
T "Do you know how to play {i}'never have I ever'{/i}?"
y s"I believe so."
y "Any extra rules beside the regular ones?"
t "Instead of putting a finger down, you have to kiss the closest person to you."
y simple"You're the closest person to me."
t "{i}*gasp*{/i} No way!"
t "I guess that's true."
y bored"Yeah, we're not doing punishments."
t "Coward."
y s"I'll start."
t "Shoot."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Never have I ever...
→ Fancied a friend's parent.
→ It wasn't a joke...but alright.
→ Given a fake name to someone.
→ Shoplifted.
--- END CHOICES ---

t "My turn."
t "Never have I ever..."
t "Had a threesome in a public place with two complete strangers."
y simple"That is very specific."
y "No, no I have not."
y confused"Why would you think that anyway?"
t "I don't know, you look like the type that can pull it off."
y "Didn't we already establish that we're BOTH virgins?"
t "Oh...right, I forgot."
t "Hey, here's an idea, since we're virgin best friends, do you wanna do it together?"
The thoughts in my mind look like a keyboard smash right now.
What the hell is that question, so sudden, so bold, I kind of like it.
y blush"W-what do you mean?"
t "Well, if you ever find a boyfriend, I'll find a partner as well, then we can do that thing they do in movies, where bottoms fist bump while laying next to each other in bed."
t "Getting railed at the same time."
Ah, that's what it is, the thought is still lewd as hell, but in a different way.
y sadsmile"I-I guess? Yeah, yeah sure."
y "I mean, if you want to."
t "Great, it's a promise then."
At first I thought his question was just a joke, a real life shitpost... but his content expression and soft smile says otherwise.
y simple"What... what if it's a woman?"
t "Then I hope you don't mind if I plant my tongue in your girl's mouth while you're going to town on her."
y smug"Your gay ass could never."
t "You're right... but I'd try, for you."
t "I'd have a guy behind me to take my attention off of it, obviously."
I'm slowly getting used to the cat's casual dirty words, paired with Scribbles' usual nonsense, conversations like these do not embarrass me as much anymore, still, can't help but blush a little in the end.
We continue walking and playing.
We both realize we told each other so many details about our personal lives, yet, we're both dumbasses that can't retain any information.
t "Would you...punch your father for a thousand dollars?"
y bored"I mean...he walked out on his wife and two kids, so happily, yes."
t "Fuck, I forgot."
y smug"Easiest grand ever."
y "Uhmm, let's see."
y "Least favorite food?"
t "Fish damn it!"
t "I must've told you at least twice already."
y simple"Ah...we need to take notes sometimes."
t "Yup."
This walk is the most fun and relaxing activity I have done in a while, even if I'm carrying over a hundred pounds of cat in my arms.
After only twenty minutes of playing and walking, the entrance to the forest and the edge of the town come into view, as we pass the barrier with no interruptions.
y s"My turn and last question."
y smug"Never have I ever: recovered from a severe lack of magic and sleeping drugs in a matter of minutes, but didn't tell my friend, because I like being carried bridal style?"
y "Never have I ever: recovered from a severe lack of magic in a matter of minutes, but didn't tell my friend, because I like being carried bridal style?"
He raises his hand and puts a finger down.
y smug"{i}'Paralyzed'{/i} my ass."
t "What can I say?"
t "Something about this experience feels nice."
t "My very own muscle carry man."
y "You're a rascal."
t "What gave it away?"
y "You kept readjusting your ass every two minutes."
t "I had to, you refused to change the positioning of your arms, it was getting uncomfortable..."
y ec"That's because I'm a great detective, everything was calculated!"
t "Haha..."
I put him down, gently, since even though he's now fine, he still hasn't used his legs in a while.