.
His hot seed covers my stomach, while mine fills him from the inside, spilling out and running down my balls and in between my thighs.
Both men slowly remove the used tools, before falling on top of the bed on either side of me.
All three of us breathe heavily, grunting and even moaning, since the pleasure from the excessive amounts of cum are giving us reasons to do so.
eu "What,{i}*huff*{/i}, what did you think?"
y nakedblush3"I-I think I'll taste cum for moons."
y nakedsmug"And I didn't expect such violence from someone like you."
eu "I told you deepthroating him with that monster is a bad idea-"
y "I was referring to you, Eureka."
eu "Oh!"
He giggles.
eu "Well, I wasn't lying when I said I wanted you inside me."
eu "I thought I was going crazy."
y "Crazy with lust?"
ra "Now it's gone, thanks to you."
un sidee"I...I enjoyed this as well, actually."
un "Surprisingly."
Ha!
Knew you'd like the slut life.
I'm happy for you.
un "..."
Ruth brings us towels to clean up.
ru "Now...what?"
ra "Stick to the plan."
ra "Hope you didn't fall in love or anything, Ruth."
ru "Hmm..."
ra "Eureka?"
eu "Yeah yeah."
The two of them get up, walking in opposite parts of the room.
eu "Hey, [name], look over here for a second."
y naked"What is it?"
eu "I had fun, I really did, we all did, you're amazing!"
eu "I never knew your kind can take it and give it like that."
eu "The Chief does not allow us to do these kind of things with your kind, so this was my first experience, a great first impression."
y nakedss"Thanks, but you three were the real mvp's here."
eu "So I just want you to know that I'm sorry."
y nakedsimple"Sorry? What are-"
A cold, sharp dart pierces my neck, and paralyzing liquid gets pumped into me.
un surprised"Fuck."
un "That's a sleeping dart, just tell me to nullify it."
N-no, it's f-fine...
un ang"WHAT?!"
un "WHAT DO YOU MEAN {i}'FINE'{/i}?"
un "I CAN'T DO SHIT IF YOU'RE UNCONSCIOUS!"
un "LET ME CURE THE POISON, ORDER ME TO HELP YOU DAMN IT!"
T-they're nice...nice people.
I'm sure it's just a...
un scared"Hello?"
un ang"HELLO?!"
un "ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!"
un squint"AAAGGHH! WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID?!"
un sidee"What do I do, what do I do, what do i-"
ra "What are you so upset for?"
un simple"I can still hear..."
ra "He's asleep, he can't see you act like you care."
eu "I'm not acting...I kind of liked him."
ra "You ride his dick once and catch feelings?"
ra "I had to do that to you dozens of times before you finally gave in."
eu "Because I was unconscious almost every time..."
ra "Well it's not MY fault you decide to keep your lust in until you faint."
eu "He wasn't even supposed to be the one to-"
ra "I'm not using my brother for the ceremony."
ra "We had to do this."
ru "Step...brother."
ra "Not you too."
ra "I liked [name] as well, okay?"
ra "I didn't think I would but I did."
ra "I'm not necessarily {i}THRILLED{/i} about this."
ra "Just... take him to the place, make sure my brother doesn't see you."
un curious"What...ceremony?"
un sidee"Have I heard of any rituals with Wild Furs and Dragons?"
un sidee"Hmmmm."
I have to put a stop to this.
un "Huh, didn't expect this decision from you."
un "I really thought you're dying to try some Nightfallen dick."
My affection for a certain cat is stronger than my lust.
Even if I almost forgot about my priorities...
ra "Well, Eureka, wanna do the honors?"
eu "As the one with the most clothes on, it would be my pleasure, just let me-"
y nakedsurprised"W-wait, wait."
ra "something wrong?"
y nakedsad"I'm...I'm sorry, I can't do this."
y "I know I led you on a lot, and I shouldn't have."
y "I guess I succumbed to the power of lust myself."
y nakedss"But the truth is...there is somebody I like, somebody I love, and I don't want to betray them."
The three men look at each other, Ruth sadly, Eureka worryingly and Ragnar with a slight flown in his brow.
ra "You...want to stop?"
y "If you don't mind, I apologise again."
eu "We...understand, [name]."
y "Thank you."
ra "Eureka?"
eu "I'm on it..."
eu "[name], would you look here for a second? I wanna show you something."
He moves on the other side of the room.
y "What is it?"
eu "I...We, really like you, [name]."
eu "You're truly a nice, beautiful person, even if we're not the same."
eu "So that's why..."
eu "I'm sorry...we're sorry."
y nakedsimple"You're sorry? For wha--"
Something cold and sharp pierces my neck, numbing liquid pulsing through my veins a second later.
un surprised"Fuck."
un "That's a sleeping dart, just tell me to nullify it."
N-no, it's f-fine...
un ang"WHAT?!"
un "WHAT DO YOU MEAN {i}'FINE'{/i}?"
un "LET ME CURE THE POISON, ORDER ME TO HELP YOU DAMN IT!"
T-they're nice...nice people.
I'm sure it's just a...
Misunderstanding.
un simple"Hello?"
un surprised"HELLO?!"
un ang"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!"
un "AAAGGHH! WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID?!"
un sidee"What do I do, what do I do, what do i-"
eu "What do we do now?"
un "Huh?"
un simple"Oh, I can hear them."
eu "We failed...the Chief is going to-"
ra "We only failed if anyone checks, and nobody will check his holes."
eu "But the ceremony!"
eu "It asks for someone that is NOT a virgin."
ra "We don't even know that for sure."
eu "Oh be serious, look at him, how can he not be?"
un sidee"Ouch, good thing you aren't here."
ra "Didn't you say you like him?"
eu "I mean, he's nice, but definitely not made for our wild sex life..."
ru "Fuck? Now?"
ra "No, you idiot, he had to consent to it, it's useless if we force him, that was the whole point of kissing his ass the whole day."
ra "And my own whore ruined everything."
eu "How is it my fault?!"
ra "Oh I don't know {i}'YoU cAn SaY No If YoU Don'T wAnT tO Do iT.'{/i}"
ra "I thought I taught you their idea of {i}'peer pressure'{/i}."
ra "I put too much trust in you."
ra "Ruth, take him to the place, make sure my brother doesn't see you."
ra "Hopefully my father doesn't check...or he'll want another one."
ra "I can't afford to lose another one."
ra "Lets just hope this works, once and for all..."
un suspicious"What...ceremony?"
un sidee"Have I heard of any rituals with Wild Furs and Dragons?"
un "Hmmmm."
There are too many things in this camp my mind is focused on for me to go wandering about.
And I don't want to leave my friend far out of my sight.
y nakedss"Sorry, I'd love to spend time with you, but if you don't mind, I have some things I want to do around camp."
eu "Oh, that's fine."
eu "We would've loved to spend some more time with you before we have to say goodbye too, but I get it."
He looks towards the narrow path, where Ku'sani resides right now, and smiles back softly.
ru "[name] no come?"
y "Sorry big guy, maybe another time."
ra "I suppose after a whole afternoon spent here, and with your new attire, nobody should give you trouble."
ra "If anyone does, tell me and I'll take care of them."
y "Most of your tribe mates are locked in huts anyway."
ra "Heh, of course, the common afternoon lust."
ra "We should do that too when we get back, Eureka."
eu "Been waiting for that all day."
ru "Ruth want join!"
ra "The more the merrier."
They leave the camp, hand in hand, talking and laughing like best friends.
I almost feel bad I refused their invitation.
Who knows, maybe it would've blossomed into something more than a forest trip.
No more overthinking, live in the present not the past, and the present tells me to move my attention to the spilled bucket.
The Wild Fur responsible is now screaming and kicking at the lizard, gesturing at the mess created.
wf "Stupid lizard, look where go."
wf "Go down and every pick up grain."
wf "Or you want more no food day?"
wf "Ahg chul'li piost tol'ta..."
Although the violence is leaving a bad taste in my mouth, I can't help but worry for the Wild Fur.
His kicks are like a toddler's hits, against the tough, scaly skin of the lizard's sides. Barely even flinching.
I think he hurt his foot, trying to hide his limp as he walks away.
Not to mention that the lizard could simply bite his head off and be done with it, but instead, he kneels down and starts gathering each grain by hand, until the Wild Fur gets bored and walks away with a last spat and scornful look.
That is going to take forever...
The fact that most of the camp is covered by grassy patches with small rocks scattered around won't make it any easier.
I don't want to make assumptions, but I haven't seen the lizard eat anything while I was here.
His job at the feast was making sure the torches were kept lit and no fire started by accident, as well as pouring drinks whenever the actual servants were busy with something else, like massaging the Chief's shoulders and feet.
I have to keep in mind that intervening would also be a bad idea, especially without Ragnar, Eureka or Ruth around.
I make my way back to the feast part of the camp.
The excitement about these new {i}'guests'{/i} has died down, nobody gives me more than a glance.
At least I won't attract attention to what I'm about to do.
Oh, would you look at that, I was wrong again!
Everything is so peaceful in other parts, because my friend decided to show off his powers in this clearing, stirring a crowd.
The cat is flying Nightfallen very high in the air, before letting them drop slowly with his floaty magic, however that works.
He does it again, and again, and again, while being cheered on, wails of excitement even scaring the wyvern.
He notices me and teleports in my face next.
ku "Hey, what'cha doing?"
ku "Want a go in the Ku'sani ride?"
y nakedsimple"No thanks, I know what that's like."
t "Your loss."
y "Are you sure it's wise to fly multiple people like that?"
y "Combine it with teleporting and other things?"
y "You know we just had a battle earlier, right?"
y "You should be conserving your energy."
t "Pff, it's fine, mom, I'm full of magic and energy after that meal."
t "And I can't let everyone down, look how happy they look while falling!"
y "I just want you to be safe."
t "I will make sure to leave a little bit so we can go home."
t "And if I somehow go overboard..."
t "We can just stay here one more day! No big deal right?"
t "Just you...and me...sharing a tent, noooobody else around."
y nakedbored"We have a TEST tomorrow!"
y "Did you already forget?!"
t "Oh...that."
t "Well..."
y "..."
t "Don't make that face, I promise I'll have enough magic to get us back, ok?"
t "Promise."
t "In fact, we'll go right after I'm done here."
t "Give me like, twenty minutes."
y nakedsimple"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
y nakedss"Alright, I'm just glad you're fitting in with your family."
t "Thank you."
t "Now, if you'll excuse me."
He teleports back to the cheering crowd, picking another Nightfallen to {i}'give a ride'{/i} to.
He values honesty above all else, so I shouldn't be worried he'll break his promise.
I have other things to worry about, after all.
There are a lot of leftovers, I would be surprised if they won't throw at least some of it away.
Hopefully that means nobody will realize some of it is missing.
I choose a wide piece of flatbread, that I stuff with as much meat as it can hold. Fish, boar, duck, whatever the blue colored one is, you name it.
I bring my food package back to the main camp, where the lizard's progress in picking up the grain is barely noticeable.
As I approach, despite the smile I'm trying to keep, he starts collecting the grain faster.
y nakedss"Hey..."
y "Hey, wait."
He stops, but doesn't raise his head to look at me.
I squat down in response.
Seeing his head dip even lower, I get on my knees, to be as small as possible.
y "Here."
y "You must be hungry."
He only now dares raise his gaze, his eyes wide, fixated on my offering but not making a move.
I gently and slowly place my hand on his, and raise it.
His chained, rough hand, almost twice my size.
Dangerously sharp claws in sight, pared with hands strong enough to crush skulls, information that makes me nervous, but I can't back down now.
I place the food in the reluctant palm, and he starts eating, there and then.
Thankfully, the thin pieces of cloth around his muzzle do not do much to slow him down.
y naked"Now what's this all about then?"
I start gathering the grain in his stead while he's busy.
Something I quickly realized is completely ridiculous.
It really feels like there's no end, each piece I grab seems to spawn another, not to mention the dirt you have to clean.
The lizard finishes the food with a last satisfying bite and rushes to help.
His large fingers, although furless, are even less useful in this situation.
They spend more time brushing against mine than picking grain.
un bored"Cool, you're having a moment with a literal animal."
un "Somebody call the police."
He's not an animal, you ignorant excuse of a demon.
un simple"Wow, that felt a bit personal."
un bored"Call me when it strangles you to death, so I can laugh."
Better yet, I'll call you right now, to help us with this stupid grain that dumbass wild fur made him spill.
And if you hit me with the {i}'why should I'{/i} question one more time, I'm holding my breath until I pass out.
un simple"..."
un suspicious"You're becoming more and more unlikable."
My request, or more like threat, worked, as all the remaining grain (which was a lot more than I thought) rises up through the grass and dirt and flies into the bucket.
It's so nice of you to show up again, by the way, even if it was just to insult me, what's the occasion?
un "My favorite character in that show moved jobs...they just got him out for no reason."
Ah, I remember that part, it did suck.
The lizard seems surprised by the spontaneous magic.
y naked"Don't worry, that was me."
y "Here."
We get up and I hand him the bucket, I wouldn't mind carrying it myself, but we're already getting weird looks from the few Nightfallen still around, just because I stand so close to him, if he walked around empty handed while the guest was carrying the weight, that would not generate good responses.
y "Do you have a name?"
He does not respond, but glances my direction.
y nakedsimple"I suppose if so many Wild Furs don't have a name, a Savage one won't have one either, huh?"
y naked"Do you mind if I call you {i}'lizard'{/i}?"
He cringes for a second, but no response again.
y nakedss"Perhaps not."
y "Do you mind me giving you a name?"
He..nods?
y "Oh, ok, in that case..."
It's best to stay away from the Wild Furs' traditional way of naming.
Something simple, something that defines him but not in an obvious way?
y "What about Gael?"
The lizard looks startled for just a moment, before...blushing?
Blushing and nodding slowly.
He likes it way more than I thought he would.
My heart will never be strong enough to tell him that I took the name from a video game character, a slave knight.
Not that he'd even know what a video game is.
I can feel Scribbles' muted laughter in the back of my mind.
What's so funny?
un tease"Do you even know what that name means in the old language?"
No? I just took it because it fits him.
What does it mean?
un "Beautiful and generous."
un "You're basically flirting at this point."
That just makes me like the name more.
un simple"B-but, wait, you're supposed to be embarrassed."
un ang"I thought you missed my teasing!"
You're gonna have to try harder.
In the meantime, we get to a storage area that slumps underground a couple of feet.
He dumps the bucket in a large barrel before coming back out.
I attempt to follow to our next destination, but he turns around and blocks my way, looking me in the eyes with a determined look, as if asking {i}'what's your deal?'{/i}
y nakedss"I just think you deserve a break, but I don't have the authority to give you one, so I decided to help you."
y "Can we go now?"
That is not a satisfactory answer for him.
y nakedsimple"Look, my friend, you know, the little black cat, is too busy with his new life."
y "The new friends I made are away from camp, so if you want to know why I won't leave you alone, it's because I'm bored."
y "Can you accept love out of boredom?"
y "It's not fake kindness, it's just conditional."
I don't know how much of that he understood, but it was enough for him to soften his expression and body language, and allow me to accompany him further.
y naked"So, where to, chief?"
He cringes again.
y "Right, the Chief is your leader...uhmm, where to, boss?"
Gael points towards the burned up pillar.
Ashes of flowers and other offerings that were around the pillar littered the ground and the immediate vicinity.
Not to mention the half burned pillar that still stands, looking black and fragile but still heavy.
He picks up another, larger bucket than the one before, and starts gathering the ashes with his bare hands, as they crumble to dust at the faintest touch.
y nakedsimple"You...you have to gether all the ash?"
He nods.
y nakedsurprised"Everything?"
He nods again.
y nakedangry"What is this?"
y "Who the hell do they think you are? Cinderella?"
Gael stops to look at me, curious about my little outrage.
y "Nuh uh, gather the grain from the grass, then the ashes from the sand and dust, what's next? You're not allowed to the ball?"
He tilts his head curious.
Scribbles, do something about this.
un curious"What do you want me to do?"
Can you teleport all this crap out?
un bored"I'm not good at teleportation, but even if I was, I could only work with the big pieces."
I don't know your powers, just find something useful!
un "I could probably gather every piece of ash in the camp in one spot, and then throw everything as far as I can."
How far is far?
un "A mile over the trees?"
Perfect! Do that!
un "Hold your lizards, you don't have the energy for that."
un "A spell like that takes a lot of resources."
un "You need to find a source."
Would one of those crystals from the feast work?
un "Those would be perfect, but I doubt you want to be caught sucking off the light from one of those."
Well said...
Do you think... Gael?
un simple"Oh, ermm, yeah, sure."
un "If he has enough energy, then he might work."
un "You're trading the energy he would typically use to do this job to do it instantly, so I see nothing wrong there."
un bored"Just make sure not to take too much, since I doubt anyone is fucking a Savage Fur regularly, so his energy could be on the lower side."
Got it.
y nakedss"Gael, do you mind if we hold hands for a moment."
I kneel in front of him and hold my hands patiently.
He looks at his own chained wrists and black palms, trying to decide.
Finally, he gives in, and gently pushes his fingers forward, as I intertwine them for maximum contact.
I focus and imagine draining him.
I can feel his anxiety as the energy flows away from him, but he keeps calm.
Is this enough, Scribbles?
un "Barely."
Can you perform the spells anyway?
un "Yeah, but it will take a bit of a toll on your body, not as bad as it would have if you didn't do this, but still."
It's okay then, just do it, I don't want to steal too much from him.
un "Your wish."
I gesture to Gael to get up and take a few steps back.
Then the pillar begins to rise, removing itself from the ground, leaving a deep hole of at least four feet.
How is anyone supposed to take that out...?
Small flakes of ash then fly towards it from all directions.
From the roof of huts, from the branches of trees, even someone's loincloth.
All of it sticks tightly to the pillar, even the smallest particle of ash, then it shoots in the air like a rocket, disappearing above the trees.
Gael's expression in complete awe, is the last thing I see before my eyes close.
un "Yep, I knew it."
un "Hopefully somebody finds you before he eats you alive."
Although my eyes are closed and I lost most of the control in my body, I can feel big, trembling hands wrapping around me.
After a short while, I sense the comforting warmth of hay against my back, followed by the sound of hasty footsteps fading into the distance.
Someone gently presses a cool, damp cloth onto my forehead before settling down in silence for the next ten minutes or so.
Finally, my fingertips regain their mobility, and I cautiously open my eyes, greeted by the sight of the hut's ceiling.
A wide eyed lizard stares at me from a couple of feet away.
I sit up slowly and smile at him.
y nakedss"Magic is a little dangerous to use sometimes, you know?"
Gael nods.
y "Thank you for caring for me, I should probably-"
He hands me a clay cup, with some green-ish liquid, smelling strongly of wild herbs.
y nakedsimple"What is that?"
He insists I take it.
It's warm, but that's where any positive adjectives stop. It tastes bitter, revolting, like medicine.
y nakedhurt2"This is medicine, isn't it?"
y "Did you get it from Eureka's place?"
y "Please tell me you didn't leave hints you were there."
He gets up, showing me a small burrow, filled with leaves and weeds.
y nakedsimple"You have your own medicine, huh?"
Whatever I forced myself to drink just now does have good effects.
Soon, I no longer feel dizzy or fatigued, but still a bit weak.
y "I appreciate you watching over me, but...what about your duties?"
y "Won't you get in trouble?"
Gael shakes his head, showing his still ashy palms.
y "They didn't think you'd be done with the ash cleaning so fast, so nobody gave you more tasks, is that right?"
Another nod.
y naked"Good, because I don't want to work either."
I pat the seat next to me, on the makeshift hay bed, and he shyly complies, but not without complications.
As he gets up, his knees give in and he falls on top of me, quickly scrambling to get off.
y nakedhurt2"Wow, you're heavy."
y nakedss"I-in a good way."
y "Is everything alright?"
He looks away embarrassed, with his arms between his thighs.
The energy drain must've been a hit to him too...
I'm gonna need to make it up to him, but first...
y naked"So, mister Gael, I want you to answer me this."
y "Can you understand what I'm saying?"
y "In general?"
Gael thinks for a second, then confirms my suspicions.
un "What {i}'suspicions'{/i}? I thought it was obvious..."
y nakedsimple"But you can't talk back?"
Negative response.
Why's that, Scribbles?
un "Savages can learn a language, even if slower than the average Wild Fur, but they don't have what it takes for actual speech."
un "Grunts, roars and moans are all you'll hear from them."
y nakedss"Did you learn my language from listening to Ragnar and Eureka?"
He nods, exuding a newfound confidence, as if my questions are beginning to appear more friendly rather than incriminating in his mind.
y "How long have you been stuck here for?"
He raises eight fingers.
y "Eight?"
y "Years or moons?"
Gael picks up a stick and writes in sand...eight X twelve...
y nakedpf"So eight years, and of course you know how to write numbers and some math, because why not?"
Gael scratches the side of his mouth, not used to others being impressed by his actions.
His chains clank and jiggle as he moves.
Scribbles...please remove his shackles.
un s"Are you sure?"
Will that put me back to sleep?
un "No, it's a very simple spell."
Then yes, I'm sure.
A deep cut appears on the metal's surface out of thin air, and both wrist braces fall to the ground with a thud.
Gael touches and rubs his wrists surprised.
In his eyes, I probably resemble some kind of powerful wizard that's solving all his problems with my magic.
y nakedss"I want you to be free."
y "You've served these Nightfallen enough, you deserve to-"
He shakes his head frantically upon hearing my words, reaching for the chains and trying to put them back on.
y nakedsurprised"Huh?"
y "Hey, what are you doing?"
y "Don't you want to get out of here?"
y nakedss"Don't worry, I'll help you get far away, they won't find you."
For the first time, he touches me out of his own accord. Besides when I was unconscious, obviously.
His hands grab my shoulders, and he stares into my eyes, shaking his head again, slower, more determined.
y nakedsurprised"I...don't understand..."
y "Are you that afraid of them?"
Another head shake and an exasperated sigh follows.
He points to the bed.
Points to the roof.
Points to the bucket of water in the corner.
Shelter, warmth, water...
y "..."
y nakedsimple"I understand what you're trying to say, but I still don't get it..."
y nakedsad"Excuse me, I need some air."
y nakedpf"Not that this place is that sealed shut...the door is a curtain."
He lets go with a last sad look in his eyes.
He didn't look sad while being kicked, or humiliated, or bossed around, but watching me walk out the door is another story.
I squat right outside, leaning on the hut's walls, not having the energy to take more steps.
Not like I need to run away or anything, but I do need to clear my mind.
un "So?"
y nakedsimple"So?"
un "Finally realized you're not the hero of your self-crafted tale of fantasy?"
y nakedsad"Did you ever taste defeat, but still have no idea how that happened?"
un "I was locked in a crystal and reduced to this form, wasn't I?"
un "A mystery to this day."
y "So why am I always wrong about everything every time?"
un simple"Your cat friend explained it perfectly."
un "The world is not black and white."
un "You decided to see his imprisonment as nothing more than the evilest of deeds."
un "You flipped your opinion of these Wild Furs completely, upon seeing them mistreat someone that your kind literally kills for energy."
y nakedsad"But what about him?"
y "Does he even know about how unfair his situation is?"
un "Safage Furs are solitary creatures."
un "In the wild he would have to fend for himself, hunt, stay away from any tribes of Wild Furs or other Savage Furs as well, and demons."
un "Not to mention the hunters that would kill him on sight."
un "Didn't that Headmaster of yours say it at the opening speech two days ago?"
un "Exterminate all Savage Furs on sight."
un "Here, this Gael of yours has a bed, a roof over his head, food, water."
un "He's protected from other tribes as well as hunters."
y nakedsimple"And since he isn't allowed out of camp, he won't be forced to battle, or risk his life hunting for game..."
un "Are you getting it now?"
y "Yes..."
y "I think I do."
y "but he's also being deprived of lust draining."
un "A small price to pay for a safe life."
y "Yeah..."
Hopefully, my cat friend, {i}'Ku'sani'{/i}, doesn't have anything against my next decision.

--- CHOICES ---
→ There is just one thing for me to do now.
→ I'll still help Gael, just in other ways.
→ I walk back in, Gael surprised to see me, sitting in the same spot.
→ I waste no time, kneeling in front of him and taking his hands in mine.
→ As big and strong as he is, his hands are gentle.
→ I brush away some more ash, while speaking softly.
→ He seems satisfied with my answer.
→ I have to stand up to be at the same head level as he is now while sitting down.
→ Then-
→ I plant a gentle kiss on his mouth.
→ I leave room for him to back away if necessary, and make sure I'm not too rough.
→ It's a loving kiss of kindness, soft and delicate.
→ I back away after a couple of seconds, watching for a reaction.
→ My head is still here, so that's a good start.
→ He stares into my eyes, his green scales turning red like a chameleon's.
→ His hand reaches for mine before I take another step back, holding it with care.
→ He opens his mouth, as if wanting to ask a question, but forgot he can't speak.
→ I don't need words to understand this kind of reaction.
→ He nods with a mixture of excitement and embarrassment.
→ He looks taken aback.
→ Gael relaxes and drops his guard.
→ He looks around for a second, before coming to a conclusion.
→ He points to my loincloth.
→ He nods.
→ This is good, it shows him I'm serious about going further with this, even if our kiss should've been proof enough, in my opinion.
→ I unpin the cloth with a little difficulty, then let it drop on the ground, kicking it away with my foot.
→ My already erect penis in on full display.
→ He contemplates, then starts rotating his finger in the air, telling me to turn around.
→ I oblige to his wishes, arching my back when my bare butt is in front of him, as an extra surprise.
→ He gives me two thumbs up nodding again determined.
→ Gael gestures for me to come closer.
→ We are now face to face, or would be if he wasn't so tall.
→ Face to chest is a good compromise.
→ He clearly has many ideas going on behind those golden eyes, looking around, checking me out, raising his hands then lowering them, kind of unsure how to approach the next step.
→ He turns away.
→ He searches through the hay bed, making a bit of a mess in the process, then turns back to me with a succulent leaf in hand.
→ Gael finally drops the small piece of cloth covering his crotch, revealing something I did not expect.
→ A completely normal looking dick, growing harder by the second.
→ I'd estimate it at around eight inches, with a generous girth to it as well.
→ In one word, intimidating.
→ It's hard for me not to blush, but who needs a red face to show their excitement when their penis is throbbing at the view?
→ He comes closer with newfound confidence, grabs my shoulders and turns me around.
→ He pushes me down on the floor, which is covered by surprisingly soft animal furs, and makes sure my legs are nice and spread out.
→ I look back to see him use the leaf's sticky juices to cover his fingers, then rub some around my entrance as well.
→ Gael drops on top of me, not letting his weight suffocate me, but not leaving me much room to squirm around either.
→ His fingers reach down again and press against my hole. He looks me in the eyes intensely and waits.
→ What a gentleman.
→ One of his thick fingers penetrates, the slimy substance from the plant working wonders already.
→ Not only does it make the finger slide in like butter, but the slight numbing effect relaxes my muscles down there further.
→ It was so nice, that I barely noticed when the second finger slid in, but the third was hard to miss.
→ I try to keep my moans to a minimum, but his masterful fingers, rotating and shoving restlessly make my job hard...
→ Not having fur makes the insertion smoother and more pleasurable.
→ Claws? What claws?
→ Apparently claws can feel really nice inside you as long as the one using them is gentle enough.
→ After about a minute of constant movement, he takes them out one by one, leaving a well trained and relaxed hole behind, ready to invite his cock in.
→ Gael's long tongue slips out, licking the side of my face, as his pelvis gains distance.
→ He takes a couple of tries to position the tip in its place, then gives me one last pleading look.
→ This time, instead of {i}'can I do it'{/i} it says {i}'PLEASE let me do it'{/i}.
→ Those words, like a switch, turn on his hips, and in an instant his whole length fills my insides and puts immense pressure on my walls.
→ Thanks to the miracle plant and Gael's careful preparation, the pleasure far outweighs any pain