."
y simple"Are they alright?"
th "More than alright, I’d almost say they’re amused at the situation."
th "Almost as...they like to see certain people suffer for no reason."
al "That sounds concerning."
th "It’s nothing to worry about, not for you at least."
y "So we’re not meeting the leader, does that mean we can’t get out benefits?"
th "Umm, yeah, sure."
al "Can’t you do the paperwork? You’re a vice leader, you have the authority."
y "Yeah, we shouldn't need a leader for something so small anyway, surely the rules can be broken when there is no leader at all."
th "True but...I don’t-"
The horse looks around the room, paces for a bit, then looks at you two contemplating, he seems uneasy, fidgeting with his hands and almost shivering.
th "He takes out his phone again and dials a number, then hurries towards the door without looking back."
th "Just wait here!"
y "Bummer, no leader and the vice leader is…"
al "Having a mental breakdown…"
y "Yup."
al "What’s his deal?"
q "Happy that the dog is actually conversing with you, you try your best to be as normal as possible, for real this time."
y "I’m not sure. I spent the day with him and he did have some shifts in emotion, but not like that."
al "You don’t seem too surprised either way."
y "You don’t look surprised either."
al "I’ve already made my peace that everyone is a weirdo around here."
q "Surprisingly, he glances at you with a soft smile."
y s"Hah, you’re right, but I think it’s the good kind of weird."
al "For some people I agree for others I-"
q "Speaking of weird people, the door gets knocked off its hinges and it flies past you two."
q "This time, this ‘weird’ action did get a reaction out of both of you: a scared reaction, a fight or flight reaction."
ch "LISTEN UP, YA CHUMPS!"
q "An eccentric raccoon girl, the culprit behind the flying door, comes in with high demands."
ch "I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS! THIS IS TREASON! I DEMAND A WITCH TRIAL!"
y simple"Hi?"
ch "Ooooooh [name], you’re making mama MAD!"
y worried"Umm, why? What did I do?"
d "Come on Chelsie, let them breathe; it’s not the end of the world."
ch "It’s MONEY Dallan!"
y "Context please?"
d "Sorry, we came in with the wrong foot."
y pf"You literally came in like a wrecking ball, that’s more than a wrong foot."
ch "And rightfully so."
d "Well you see, Therium messaged us and asked if we could help with your benefits, since the Summoner leader isn’t here yet and he said he has some business to take care of."
y simple"What kind of business?"
d "He didn’t specify."
ch "Aghem."
ch "Me, he asked me, actually. Me specifically."
d "Yeah yeah, I know, but I just couldn’t miss the opportunity to say hello to yet another recommended student, and hearing [name]’s voice is always a delight."
y blush"Aww, thanks, I like hearing… and seeing you too."
d "Hmmm?"
y s"Oh, yeah, Dallan, this is Alvy, Alvy, this is Dallan."
d "Nice to meet you! I hope you’ll have a great stay at the academy!"
al "Thanks…"
ch "Would be a better stay if you were a Defender, just sayin’."
d "It’s fiiiine, Chelsie, it’s their choice."
ch "Don’t you have stuff to do, mister leader man?"
d "I… do but-"
ch "Sweety, you can’t treat all recommended students like your own little escapade."
d "But I don’t know where Aiden and Tate are… and you’re busy too."
ch "Since when do you not want to do work?"
d "Since…"
q "He looks at you with puppy eyes, ears dropping a little while his smile widens."
d "Never mind, you’re right, I should really go."
d "Please don’t traumatize them."
ch "No promises!"
q "The wolf walks away while waving goodbye to all three of you."
y simple"Hey so..."
y pf"I couldn’t help but notice you walked in a little mad at us… why?"
ch "Oh that? Don’t worry about it! I mean, you did cost me about a 60 percent salary increase by not joining my Shard, but it’s all good. Your choice, as Dallan said, haha, I’m not going to get revenge or anything."
al "I’m scared."
ch "I’m just kidding, we still got a recommended student, and the sorcerers as well. Poor slayers though."
ch "At least we’re not them."
ch "Anywhooo~"
q "She walks toward the computer and starts typing away, focused on the screen but that doesn’t stop her mouth from talking."
ch "Dallan made a point that I should congratulate you for managing to get this far and for choosing a Shard and yada yada, you get the point."
y simple"Thanks?"
ch "Damn it, Therium seems like such a proper and meticulous guy but his database is a damn mess."
ch "What are your full names again?"
y"[name] [name2]."
ch "Weird."
y worried"It’s not!"
y "Therium said it's nice."
ch "We all lie from time to time, don't take it out on him."
y bored"I'M NOT-{i}*sigh*{/i}."
ch "And you little guy?"
al "Alvy..."
ch "Aaaaand?"
al "Arufar..."
ch "Huh, a rich boy."
q "The dog doesn’t seem to like the comment, less so than you and your weird name."
It’s not weird!
ch "Ok… yeah, you’re good, all done."
ch "Officially welcome to the academy. You are now both members of the Summoner’s Shard, of course, the title can be removed if you don’t pass the auditions. But then maybe you’ll join the Defenders instead."
ch "Hmm, that gives me ideas…"
al "We..."
al "We were already members."
ch "Oh..."
ch "What am I doing here again?"
y simple"We just needed the food cards? At least I think so."
ch "Oooh, that, of course."
ch "Click click clickity click."
ch "Click."
ch "Boom. Easy as that."
ch "Your card's balance iiis-"
ch "{size=*1.5}OH MAMA THAT'S A LOT OF MONEY!{/size}"
ch "I mean-"
ch "I have one too, no big deal, I'm cool like that, haha."
al "And those cards are...where?"
ch "Oh, here!"
q "She takes out two small metal cards from between her breasts and hands them to you."
ch "Always wanted to do this."
y bored"Of course you have."
al "They’re warm."
y "How long have they been in there?"
ch "Less than a day."
y "Concerning still."
ch "Are you done with the meaningless questions? We have stuff to discuss still."
ch "Such aaaaasssss-"
q "She takes out a small book from between her breasts."
y pf"How many things do you have in there?"
ch "Shh, it’s for comic relief, just accept it."
al "I need to sit down."
ch "Great idea, Dallan would be very upset if I don’t read every single word from this."
ch "The Summoner’s rule book!"
ch "Buckle up, this will be a boring ride."
ch "Aghem."
q "You take a seat next to the worried dog, who looks a little pale."
q "Poor fella just can’t avoid weirdos."
ch "Let’s start with the most important ones: Students shall not enter the leader’s office without the leader or vice leader present, for that is where the Shard’s gems are to be stored."
ch "We kind of broke that one already..."
ch "So to the next one!"
ch "The door of the office shall always stay closed… Does it count if the door is off its hinges?"
ch "Anyway, next one!"
h "Ah, enter, mister [name2]."
h "Great timing, I was just-"
th "Hello, mister Kiraman."
h "Therium… I was not expecting you here."
th "Well you probably expected somebody to pick up that luggage, right?"
I glance towards the bag next to the lion’s desk.
h "Yes, of course. Somebody like its owner."
h "It’s going to have to wait for [name] to come pick it up."
th "Mister [name2] is busy with Shard business. He will not be able to accompany you today, yet he needs his things."
h "Accompany? I think you have the wrong idea, I just wanted to protect his personal belongings, I can’t just give it to anyone barging in."
th "I am a vice leader; I am aware and accept any consequences if my new Shardmate complains about stolen or missing items."
th "Surely you don’t think I’ll leave the country with a random first year’s things in a burlap sack on my back, do you?"
h "Of course not, you are the last person to set foot outside of this country."
His comment scrapes my ears, making them twitch, but I let it slide.
Th "Wrong words to focus on from what I said."
h "I think they were pretty accurate."
h "What kind of ‘Shard business’ is he up to? His vice leader isn’t around and not to mention the leader, who hasn’t arrived yet."
h "Didn’t think you’d just leave him alone like that, since, you know, all the leaders want the recommended students in their Shard."
h "There must be a reason."
th "The reason does not concern you."
The large lion gets up from his table, slowly grabbing the leopard’s luggage and dragging its wheels towards me.
h "Daring today, as always. Here."
th "Thank you, Headmaster."
h "Tell him to be more careful next time. The wrong people might get a hold of his chattels one day, and we wouldn’t want that to happen."
th "I’ll see what I can do."
th "Good day."
I walk out, scraping the floor with the one non-crooked wheel of the luggage bag following my heels.
Unfortunately for me, the deep frown forming on my face has to be hidden, yet.
It’s not enough that I had to stay in the same room as those two. Their faces together almost made me vomit, but I just had to talk with this man again as well.
This day just keeps getting worse.
No matter how much I want to make the frown known, maybe some other time. Maybe if I snap one day, but this is not that day.
ch "And that is why you never summon Nightfallen inside the barrier."
ch "Now for the part Dallan loves the most! Class cleaning duty, sanitation days and-"
alvycody "{i}*snoooore*{/i}"
ch "Wish that were me...*yaaawwn*"
ch "Wait! No, Chelsie, you have to do this for your friend!"
ch "Hey!"
ch "Wake THE HELL UP!" with hpunch
Y surprised"Agh! Wasn’t sleeping!"
al "Totally awake!"
ch "{i}*Sigh*{/i} Should’ve accepted Merina’s proposal to come too, at least for the company."
al "Excuse me, but why do the rules have to be read to us two in particular?"
ch "I dunno, ask someone who cares."
al "Oh."
m "Because you two missed the Shard’s group rule reading, and Dallan wanted to make sure you’re familiar with them."
y ec"Merina!"
ch "My thoughts summoned her!"
ch "Her and her accompanying angelic background music!"
un "{size=*0.5}You're not the only one who hears it?{/size}{nw=2}"
ch "Thank God you’re here, I should go get the toolbox for that door…"
m "Yeah, you probably should."
m "Hey [name], I’m glad we got to meet each other at the gathering, but I heard some other recommended student can be found here and I couldn’t keep away."
al "That would be me...Umm, does anyone else know where to find me out of the blue?"
m "Probably, it didn’t take me too long to find the information."
al "I see…"
y sad"Sorry, I know, you’re probably disappointed too."
m "Disappointed? I don’t think so, unless I should be for some reason?"
y simple"Just that we didn’t join your Shard. Chelsie seemed upset by that."
m "Oh don’t mind her, she’s the only one who cares much. Besides, we got one too."
y s"Really?"
y "Hey, maybe we two should go meet-"
q "You look to your side but nobody is there; the dog has vanished from his chair and from the room."
m "Huh, he’s quick. I didn’t even notice him disappear."
y sadsmile"He’s shy, I think."
m "Heehee, checks out for a summoner.{nw}"
th "Aghem."
q "The horse stands by the...hole where the door was supposed to be, or where it soon will be again as the raccoon girl struggles to screw its hinges back."
m "Oh, looks like your ride is here. I’ll leave you to it; good luck [name]."
y ec"Thanks a lot!"
ch "Don't forget about my party, Merina!"
m "I'll try to."
ch "Haha, yeah."
ch "Wait...you'll...try? What do you-"
ch "HEY! COME BACK HERE!"
q "The horse squeezes through and approaches you with a new-found smile, his usual personality returned."
y s"Hey Therium, are we- I -free to go now?"
y pf"Alvy had to go…as you can see."
th "I heard he does that sometimes."
th "No matter, his job here is done anyway; we have no business with him."
th "And you’re all done as well."
th "Ready for dinner?"
y sadsmile"I’d almost forgot about food until I was presented with the lunch and dinner cards with unlimited money on them."
y ec"Dinner’s on me!"
th "...I have one too."
y simple"Oh."
th "But the thought is very much appreciated."
th "You haven’t seen the cafeteria yet, have you?"
y s"Nope, but as long as it doesn’t have stale, moldy pizza, and milk that looks and tastes like glue, it’s already better than my high school."
th "Oh don’t worry, the food there is great."
th "They commission different local restaurants every week, and the locals sure know their food."
y "Probably because there’s so much variety in immigrants."
th "That’s definitely a piece at play there. This is a heavily diverse town after all."
q "The lively cafeteria, its noisy patrons and the smell of fresh, hot dishes fill all of your senses as the building comes into view."
q "A building the size of a small football field, with many small tents for outside seating."
q "A phone rings."
q "The horse checks his phone with a frown."
th "God damn it."
th "Sorry [name], this will take one second."
y s"Don’t worry about it, maybe I can grab us a table in the meantime."
th "You’re the sweetest."
q "He walks away, the phone already to his ear."
y pf"Let’s see... How or where do I find some-"
t "[name]! Heeeeeeyyyy!"
q "You see the trio of men that attempted to adopt you earlier, waving at you from a table for four."
q "The cat seems the most excited to see you, along with the world, and even though the tiger shows no sign of happiness, he is the only one blushing out of the three."
d "How did the signing go?"
y s"Didn’t really sign, just got our cards and-"
t "Never mind that, how was your whole day?"
a "You should sit down; here, there’s an empty spot next to me."
t "I’m sitting next to yo-"
t "AGH!"
t "Bitch…"
q "You sit down awkwardly at the edge of the seat."
y sadsmile"Thanks, but I can’t stay long. I was actually looking for a bigger place for me and Therium, he’s just around the corner, he had a phone call to take care of."
d "Aah, I’m surprised he’s still with you. We thought you’d be free after you signed in."
a "So he wasn’t using you to get a raise?"
y "No, definitely not. He’s also helping me with the auditions, since I’m kind of new to all this summoning stuff."
d "I take it that you’re the one who follows him around then?"
y s"Pretty much. I like to be a bother I suppose, heh."
T "Ah, so you want some horse cock."
t "Eeep."
q "The cat closes his eyes and ducks, while you get as red as a beet."
q "The other two just look at you two in a very casual way."
T "Huh, nobody’s gonna smack me this time? Nice!"
A "Well… I can’t deny that."
D "It’s plausible."
Y angry"HEY!"
Y worried"There is more to people than their personal… rods."
A "Yeah, like their holes."
T "Don’t forget their toes."
A "What?{nw}"
T "What?{nw}"
D "Come on guys, he obviously meant their heart."
a "Huh, didn’t know Therium had one of those."
Y simple"What’s that supposed to mean?"
D "That is, once again, an exaggeration. Therium simply likes to keep to himself."
D "Just a very private guy."
Y "Aiden, aren’t you kind of like that too?"
A "Well I-"
t "He likes to fuck too much to hide in his room all day."
A "Can you fucking stop saying stuff like that so confidently?"
A "It sounds worse than it is."
A "But it’s true…"
y "Do you guys not get along?"
d "We do! At least whenever he actually talks to us instead of avoiding us."
T "Actually, he’s helped me a lot before. The reason my forest fort is so awesome is because his Nightfallen cut down some trees for me."
D "And he loves animals!"
D "A lot!"
A "Maybe a bit too much."
D "That’s not a bad thing."
A "Yes it is, when his love transcends animals and goes to Nightfallen."
y "Sometimes that can be good too, right?"
q "They exchange unsure glances."
A "If you’re the type to fall in love with a hooker, then sure, it’s a good thing in your eyes."
d "Look at the bright side guys! The loner and the new kid are getting along!"
t "Over there, I think he’s looking for you [name]."
y s"Yeah, I should go. Nice seeing you again."
d "Good luck with him."
a "Cya."
y s"Hey, everything alright?"
th "Yeah, just friends from outside the academy checking in."
th "And looking at the state of things… we have a problem."
y simple"Why do you say-"
q "You turn around and scan the cafeteria."
y worried"Every single seat taken? Seriously?"
y "Damn it, it’s my fault. I got distracted and wasn’t looking for empty seats."
y sadsmile"It’s fine, we can get food and…sit on some stairs, or maybe just wait for someone-"
th "Heh, it’s fine [name], I anticipated this happening. It’s the norm at dinner time, especially at the start of the year."
th "Come to my place, I’ll cook us something quick."
y surprised"I..."
q "You were about to bark your response in an instant, when a weird mixture of thoughts and emotions take over your mind, almost pushing the narrator out."
un "What the hell?"
q "One of those thoughts is how the horse seems to have dialed down on the flirting and sexual remarks: why? Perhaps he considers you wrapped around his finger already, and there’s no point in trying, you think."
q "In any case, that last part, of a strong man owning you… of someone wanting you to be theirs… it-"
q "It ignites something, something more than a simple feeling."
What’s… happening?
un simple"Lust Rush."
What?
un sidee"Yyyyeah… one of the adverse reactions to me possessing you...basically cum brain."
You little…
q "There’s no time to for you to insult the demon inside your head of course, there are more pressing matters at hand, such as:"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Try to ignore the feeling and continue on.
→ Excuse yourself.
→ Damn it...this feeling is so strong I didn't even realize.
--- END CHOICES ---

q "You hurry off around the corner and stop by a dumpster, slouching down with heavy breaths."
un "What now?"
y"I don’t fucking know, you tell me!"
un "Just start jerking off or something, it’s not like anyone will see."
y "At this point that is not enough, I need someone to help."
un "Yeah… I’m feeling it too actually."
un "Everyone around here is a slut, you should be able to ask around and find someone."
y "Do you think I have time to-"
st "Dude, I am NOT setting foot in there."
st1 "Come on dude, that tiger is not gonna recognize you."
st "Nuh uh, he almost killed me. He hates my guts, I don’t want my other ear shredded."
st1 "But nearly every slutty student is in there, there is barely anyone available."
st "Then let’s go to a brothel or something, or a club."
st1 "You and what money?"
st "I hate when you bring logic into sex talk…"
q "This is it, the stars have aligned. You catch a glimpse of the talking figures and conclude that they are good enough."
q "Attractive, available, but best of all: desperate."
q "You stand up from behind the dumpster, a little dizzy from the lust accumulated, and walk towards them."
q "They both notice you and instantly raise their hands."
st "We’re not perverts!"
st1 "We’re just browsing sluts-SEATS! We’re looking for seats!"
q "You roll your eyes, not in the mood to deal with this."
y bored"Names?"
j "Uhmm, jack?"
st "Don’t tell him, he might be a cop."
y bored"And you? NOW!"
sp "Spot."
sp "Fuck."
j "Nice one."
sp "Look at him, he’s a hot, nerdy, demanding twink, I can't resist."
j "Your favorite, I know."
y pf"Where did {i}'nerdy'{/i} come from?"
sp "Sooo, what is a cutie like you doing here?"
y smug"Trying to see if there’s anyone up for a quick fuck round, interested?"
sp "Oh. He’s straightforward."
j "Say yes, dude, dude, say yes, say-"
sp "Obviously, I’m saying yes, man."
sp "We are actually interested, so your place or ours?"
j "Umm, my sister is crashing at our place tonight so… we can’t-"
sp "Dude! Shut. Up."
j "I just don’t wanna create awkward scenes you know how she is and you-"
sp "I know, I know, I get it, sorry, forgot that-"
y "Let’s do it right here."
sp "What?"
j "Huh?"
y "Nobody is here, they’re all inside, and even if they do come outside we’re in a private enough space."
sp "Threesome with a smoking hot kitty from the academy and a hint of voyeurism?"
sp "Hell to the yeah."
j "Seriously?"
sp "Come oooon, something like this doesn’t happen every day, do it with me."
j "Ok ok, just one question first, to see if you pass my test."
y "Shoot I guess."
j "Do you swallow?"
y "Can’t swallow If you pump it directly into my stomach."
j "Fuck, he’s good, fine."
sp "Nice!"
sp "So, how do you wanna do this? Change-ups? Double stuff? Tag-team?"
q "You roll your eyes once again, the feeling of burning lust nearly unbearable at this point. You’re just thankful you found someone to agree to this so fast."
q "In mere seconds, you take off your belt and pants and throw them nearby with disregard for their safety. You approach the jackal, cupping his heavy crotch, making him moan already."
y bored"I’ll suck your dick while you fuck me; it’s simple and fair enough. Any objections?"
sp "No sir!"
j "Not one!"
q "Without another word you unzip his- nope, they’re already unzipped and his red, pre-stained underwear is all that stands in your way."
q "The growing erection in his underwear makes his overwhelming arousal and anticipation clear."
q "The hyena already has his cock out and ready, letting it rest on your butt cheeks while you savor the smell of the member in front of you."
q "At last you unwrap your present, revealing an impressive length that hits the side of your face. which you immediately start licking and working it with your tongue from the base to the tip, not forgetting to show his balls some love as well."
q "Of course these horndogs came prepared: the hyena took a second from his precious sex time to lube up his own shaft and your hole."
q "Thankfully, this Lust Rush has left your anal muscles relaxed and the adrenaline pumped into your blood makes the pain of him shoving an eight whole inches of thick meat into you bearable."
q "Quickly the hyena starts to move his hips, shoving his wet cock in and out with heavy slapping sounds, while his hands grip your love handles like he’s on the ride of his life. He might as well be with an ass like that in front of him."
sp "God daaamn this is some nice ass. You’re so fucking tight, don’t mind if I lose myself a little in there."
q "As for the Jackal, as soon as the tip of his cock hit the back of your throat he threw his head back and moaned at the sky, or maybe he’s asking God for forgiveness. All you know is that his eyes are rolled back and his tongue out and panting."
q "Silly jackal, he thinks that the back of your throat is the end. Clearly he’s never had a professional slut like yourself to show him how far that really goes."
q "You deepthroat his entire length until your snout hits his stomach, your long and soft tongue running along the shaft keeping it moist and slick."
q "One of the guys is gripping his own hips for dear life, the other is holding your hips, both of them in paradise."
q "As the pounding goes on, each passing minute brings your lust rush down bit by bit until, finally, you feel throbbing and groaning from both sides."
j "I-I’m close…"
sp "Me too buddy, let’s fill this slut up."
q "Their hips start rocking back and forth more in sync and move violently, until hot liquid spills all over your guts, as well as straight into your stomach, as promised before."
q "Jet after jet of seed filling you up, two horny men deep inside you, spitroasting you between them. If not for the pleasure felt along the way, these thoughts alone are enough to send you to climax, making you spray like a fountain onto the ground below."
q "Both of them hold their cocks inside you for a moment longer, savoring the moment as their cocks grow softer."
j "That was…. fucking awesome."
sp "Up top."
q "They high five each other on top of you, while their cum still drips from both your holes."
sp "Thanks dude, you take dick like no other, seriously."
j "Yeah, you took it like a champ, especially Spot's, and his cock is huge, I’d know."
sp "You’re making it weird again."
j "Sorry..."
q "Thankfully they do at least help you clean up a bit, though you’re probably going to need more than their wipes."
sp "Umm, I know they like to do this in porn movies sometimes, but I’m umm… I’m not cleaning you with my mouth, sorry."
j "Yeah I’m not sucking up Spot’s sweet, hot cum either."
y bored"Nobody’s making you do that, it’s fine."
q "Indeed, any kind of sexual desires, at least the exaggerated lustful ones, are gone. All you really want, now that the sun is going down, is to get to your dorm room."
pass
sp "Ok, great, umm, one more thing, do you wanna go out on a date, or something?"
j "No no no no, you can’t."
sp "Huh, why not?"
j "Becaaaause… I wanna date him too, haha, and we’d have to fight over it."
y pf"{i}'it'{/i}?"
sp "Oooh, right, I don’t wanna have to give up on our friendship because of a slut."
y "I’m right here."
j "Well you never told us your name, so what else do you wanna be called?"
sp "Hey, that’s right! I had a feeling I wasn't appreciated enough, but didn't know why."
j "Let’s go Spot, he clearly only values your huge, meaty, juicy cock and not your heart."
sp "I’m beginning to feel the same waaaay."
q "They walk away backwards and around the corner, watching you through squinted eyes."
un "They do have a point… you could’ve at least told them your name."
y "Oh shut up, you made me clinically horny."
un "But hey, it ended up winning you a great time, huh?"
y simple"I could’ve had a great time with Therium instead…"
un "Not THIS great! You got spitroasted! Yeeey! Right?"
un "And lost your virginity too! What a way to go!"
un "Come oooon, repeat after me, ‘Hoooraaay spitroasts!’"
y bored"I’m hungry."
un "Killjoy."
y s"From the hit game Valorant?"
Un "What the fuck did you just say to me?"
un "Seriously, I have no idea what that means..."
q "As you walk away from the cafeteria, you discover both good and bad news"
q "The bad news is that most places are not documented on the map, something to do with the internet and barrier issues…"
q "The good news is that finding a food place is one of the easiest things to do in this town, you just have to follow your nose."
q "Soon, you find that one pizza place you’ve been dreaming of for a while now and order a large pie with different kinds of meats, mushrooms, peppers and olives, as well as a bag of potato chips and, while you’re at it, some soda because why not?"
q "The order is ready after about ten minutes, and you walk home with the arousing thought of eating all of this by yourself."
y s"Arousing is certainly the right word for once."
q "It takes some time to find your dorm building, but thankfully the buildings themselves are some of the tallest around, other than the academy itself, so they’re easy to spot from a distance; it’s just a matter of finding yours."
q "The streets are already starting to get quiet, but the local establishments and shops are only now getting busy."
q "The evening air was starting to get to your skin as you open the door to your dorm building."
q "The main corridor looks cluttered, but in a good way."
q "Magic items, books, and curios decorations on every shelf and every wall, with a grand staircase as the main attraction."
q "You walk up the stairs, admiring the ancient dust that hasn’t been cleaned off of some of the items along the walls for months, or longer."
Q "The key to your room is a digital card that you scan at the door."
q "Something isn’t working out when by your fourth attempt the door doesn’t open."
q "You think that perhaps you confused the room number, but upon a closer inspection you realize the key is brand new and has a protective layer that needs to be removed."
un "Dumbass."
y sleepy"Like you have any idea how technology works…"
un "I’d still find the solution faster."
y "I don’t have the mental capacity for this."
q "Outside is already dark. You turn on the lights and-"
q "Nope, the lights are not working."
y sleepy"Amazing first impression."
y sleepy"Eh, don’t need light right now, I’ll check out the details in the dorm tomorrow, for now I’ll just-"
q "You place the food and drinks on the table while your mind processes a catastrophe."
y simple"I..."
q "Biiiig fuck up on your part."
y bored"I forgot my damn luggage at the academy…"
y angry"How. Can. I. Be. So. Stupid?!"
un "Then what’s that right there?"
y simple"What?"
q "On top of your bed stands a luggage bag with a note on top."
y surprised"But… how?"
un "Maybe read the note?"
y simple"Right."
q "It reads:"
q"{i}No need to thank me, cutie, smiley face, signed -Therium{/i}"
y bored"Yeah, I know how to read."
un "It's my job, stupid."
y blush"Therium… you sly, sexy, amazing man; you saved me from a night of boredom."
un "Why? What’s in that thing? A bomb?"
y confused"What? No, why would that be fun?"
un "I dunno."
y bored"My laptop’s in here."
y s"We’re gonna watch a movie while eating pizza, a heavenly combo."
un "Hmm, yes, I see memories of this style of eating in front of a Tee Vee."
un "Alright, I’m into it."
q "You immediately strip down to your underwear, take the laptop out of the bag, and quickly start a preselected movie."
q "The top of the pizza box comes off and a hot meal is presented to you. A can of soda is popped open and the bag of chips gets opened with yet another, different, kind of pop."
q "You slouch on the bed, stuffing your face with an extremely delicious piece of culinary masterpiece."
un "Wow, that tastes good."
y nakedfood"Mmmhhm, they’re using wood-fired pizza ovens. Amazing."
q "It is still early into the evening, the moons rose not long ago to replace the sun and its fiery sky."
q "This movie you started is surprisingly interesting as well: the struggle of a working, lower class woman that has to take advantage of the rich to survive."
q "Is it morally correct? Is it okay for such a big difference in class to even exist? Should I do the same when I get my body back? I hope to answer these questions by the time it ends… or not, interpreting the subtext seems to be part of this movie's theme, make your own conclusions about the world she lives in..."
q "I think I’ll stop narrating for a bit and enjoy this."
y nakedsmug"Good call."
y nakedsimple"..."
y nakedpf"What was that question about your body again?"
pause 0.5
Some times passes and pressing matters appear on your host's mind, and in the middle of the movie, your companion asks you a question.
un "You don't need to use the second person pov with me. What is it? Make it quick."
y nakedsimple"I was just thinking