."
th "Whatever business you have with him, let me assure you, he won’t be your toy."
h "Heh."
h "I see."
h "And...if I may ask."
h "What makes you so sure?"
th "Because we found a better use for him."
nu "Since you said that to him just now..."
nu "I take that you’ve made up your mind?"
th "Not yet."
nu "Really?"
nu "The whole of last night didn’t nail the final verdict into your skull?"
nu "Cause you sure nailed him more than-"
th "ENOUGH!"
th "Why are you so keen to protect him?"
nu "Me? Maybe because I don’t want to die, or let father die."
nu "Why are YOU denying his potential? Jealousy?"
th "Didn’t your daddy tell you to drop that subject and not interfere?"
nu "My father wants results, something you’re very slow in offering."
nu "And too emotional going about it, lover boy.{w=0.5}{nw}"
th "Like I fucking chose this shit.{w=1.0}{nw}"
th "Mmmph—aaargh…{w=1.5}{nw}"
th "{size=*2}GRRRAAAH!{/size}{w=2}{nw}"
y surprised"I was NOT expecting the amount of cum in my fur."
y "It really soaked it in good."
un "It was pretty disgusting."
y smug"And a little hot."
un suspicious"Nope, juuust disgusting, and sticky."
y simple"Surprisingly sticky…"
y s"But hey, now I’m fresh, clean and ready to fight."
y "Just to clarify-"
un eyeroll"for the millionth time…"
y "This medallion only works when I touch someone, right?"
un bored"Yes, and think of draining their magic source."
un "It will give you back more power, which in turn will let me be able to cast spells in your stead."
un "Because...you know, you’re fucking useless."
y smug"I’m pretty good at summoning."
un "Except that you don’t have anything to summon."
y simple"Oooooh."
y pf"I just thought of that."
un "Yup."
y ec"Well, in that case, thanks for the help, hopefully my opponents won’t be too strong."
un "Imagine if it’s the wolf and tiger."
y surprised"Aiden and Dallan? No way, they wouldn’t fight together, they’re both too powerful...right?"
un simple"I don’t know, anything possible."
y simple"They also have partners already, so I hope I don't fight any of them...period."
q "The demon inside your head successfully managed to induce a seed of anxiety, for his own amusement."
q "You’re now stepping inside the arena, which is almost filled to the brim with cheering furs and excited faces."
q "And no wonder, since the battles have already begun, you peer into the ring and your voice immediately joins the cheering, as you see two familiar figures fighting side by side with surprising synergy."
y laugh"Wohooo! Go Aiden! Go Tate!"
q "Your voice is certainly drowned among the crowd, but somehow the two managed to spot you."
q "Your presence is not much of a distraction for them, since they seem to be holding on pretty well against the two strangers in front of them."
q "The fight just started, but the ending is already clear."
q "Although both their opponents look like senior students, they do not stand a chance against the duo."
q "Soon, the voice of your wolf friend sounds the conclusion."
d "LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE A VICTOR! IT JUST GOES TO SHOW AGE DOESN’T DICTATE TALENT!"
crowd "{i}*murmurr murmurr*{/i}"
D "N-NOT THAT OUR SENIOR COLLEAGUES AREN’T TALENTED, THEY’RE JUST INFERIOR!"
crowd "{i}*GASP!*{/i}"
D "I-IN MAGICAL ABILITIES I MEAN!"
d "{i}*sigh*{/i} I need a co-host urgently…"
ch "Did somebody caaaaall?"
h "Oh for God’s sake."
y sadsmile"Aww, poor Dallan, I doubt he had any ill intent with any comment ever."
t "Yeah, don’t worry, nobody will ever be mad at Dallan."
y ec"Tate! Aiden! Hi!"
a "Sup?"
y s"Not much, just coming through, I slept a little longer than I was planning and-"
t "Yeah yeah, you can congratulate and tell us how awesome we were just now."
a "Let him talk for fuck’s sake."
y sadsmile"You really were awesome, pity it ended so soon."
t "Yeah, turns out when my opponent doesn’t know how to cancel my teleportation fights are very easy."
a "The fight was a little unfair, I could’ve taken someone much bigger."
t "Ain’t that right?"
q "The tiger smacks him."
t "Ouch."
y smug"{size=*0.5}Not as big as me...{/size}"
a "What?{nw}"
y simple"What?{nw}"
t "Shoot, what are we doing here still?"
t "We’ll be late!"
a "I thought we’re asking Dallan to come as well?"
t "Eh, I’ll come back for him if things get dire, he might be against our plan anyway."
y simple"What are you up to? Same secret as yesterday?"
t "Yup, would love to tell you, babe, but it’s too dangerous for you."
y confused"Babe?"
a "We will definitely be back to watch your performance [name], don’t worry, we wouldn’t miss it."
y sadsmile"That’s very sweet of you, but I can’t promise it will be super interesting."
t "Yup, that’s a promise from your number one crush, come on lover boy, adventure awaits!"
q "The tiger blushes pink from the first comment, and red with anger after the cat runs by you kissing you on the cheek, a peck, if you may."
a "H-how DARE YOU?!"
q "He runs after him while turning his face away."
un simple"Aren’t you going to say anything?"
y bored"I am not even phased at this point."
un bored"Fair enough."
th "Phased by what?"
q "The horse approaches from behind, placing his big hands on your shoulders and squeezing lightly, like a massage."
y s"Oh! Therium! Just, umm, the fights, not even phased by them anymore."
th "Yeah, they used to be much bloodier back in my day."
y pf"How bloody?"
th "Heh, I jest, have you been waiting long?"
y s"I just got here when Aiden and Tate entered the arena, they just left."
th "They seem to really like you."
y "You think so?"
th "Do they know about that thing we did?"
y blush"I-I mean, your performance is certainly something to brag about but I didn’t get to tell them in detail-"
th "The chase...[name], the Nightfallen that chased us."
y pf"Oh…"
y simple"No, I don’t think so, at least they didn’t hear it from me if anything."
th "Good, good."
q "A hint of mischief in his eyes glistens, as if he knew exactly what he was asking."
y pf"Sly dog...horse."
y "I'm pretty sure we already discussed this yesterday."
th "Well, my mind must've slipped that part, oops."
q "The smile he was trying to keep through trembling eyes and teeth disappears little by little."
y simple"Is...something wrong?"
th "No, course not."
th "Just a lot on my mind, I suppose."
y s"Is it something I could give advice on?"
th "In your dreams."
y simple"Oh, ok."
th "I mean..."
th "Wish I could tell you all about it, but I can’t."
y s"Important people secrets, got it."
y blush"For now...about last night."
th "Please don’t talk about it here."
y sadsmile"Right, you like your privacy, I won’t bring it up."
th "Thanks..."
y s"In that case, let’s focus on the present. Who do you think will win?"
th "Huh? Win?"
y "In the arena."
th "Oh, that’s still going on, umm-"
q "Four people unfamiliar to you throw wild spells at each other while running chaotically through the sand."
th "Hard to say, does it even matter? It’s not us there."
y s"So? Other people matter too, it’s not like we’re the protagonists here."
th "Aren’t you surprised I said ‘us’, more than anything?"
y sadsmile"I kind of knew already, or at least had a hunch when you said you’d take care of everything."
th "So what do you say? Do you think you’re ready?"
y simple"I don’t know…"
th "You’re gonna have to make up your mind sooner or later."
q "For some reason, you feel his words press against your chest more than they should, their weight heavier than usual."
y "I...think so."
th "You think? That is not good enough, I’m afraid."
th "What if we have to fight Dallan himself next?"
th "What will you do then?"
y "Is he that strong?"
th "I certainly can’t take him down myself."
y s"We could, together."
th "Teamwork won’t solve everything."
y sadsmile"But it does make things easier, doesn’t it?"
th "What’s easy is relying on yourself, then you can’t make mistakes."
y "You can, but then you don’t have someone to blame them on, except yourself…"
y sad"I know you’re probably much much stronger than me, but still, I can be useful."
y sadsmile"And who knows, maybe I’ll surprise you."
th "I hope so."
y s"Even if our opponent is super strong, perhaps a leader, perhaps two leaders, we can at least have a chance at winning."
y "You seem to know for a fact you can’t defeat a leader, so with another person’s help that might just be possible."
th "You know I don’t like relying on others...right?"
y smug"And you know that making a little personal sacrifice for the greater good won’t kill ya, right?"
th "Heh."
th "Lot of funny words you got there, magic boy."
y "I’m good with my tongue."
un "And it was going so well..."
y s"And hey, together we can cover each other’s weaknesses."
th "And what would mine be?"
y smug"Your lack of teamwork."
th "…"
q "He laughs softly."
th "You silly leopard, you already convinced me a long time ago, but you keep making your life easier and mine harder."
y simple"Yey? Wait, I only convinced you now? Was there a chance we weren’t going to fight together oooor..."
th "Oh, sorry, don’t mind my rambling, we’re going to do a great job out there."
q "That moment, the bell rings, signaling the end of the match finalizing in an anticlimactic tie."
q "The wolf wastes no time and presents the next pair...you and Therium."
y s"Hey, that’s us!"
q "You move out and enter the arena, Therium keeps a few feet in front of you, and a tear seems to form in his eye, something you don’t get to question him about just yet."
d "AGAINST ROSE AND CHELSIE, VICE LEADER AGAINST VICE LEADER, RECOMMENDED STUDENT VERSUS RECOMMENDED STUDENT, DEFENDERS AND SUMMONERS, EQUAL FOOTING SO FAR, LET’S SEE WHO WILL BE VICTORIOUS!"
d "BEST OF LUCK TO BOTH SIDES!"
y s"Oh boy, they really made sure the power scale is as balanced as possible, huh?"
ch "WOOHOO! LET’S GO ROOOOSE!"
ch "[NAME]! HEY [NAME]!"
y awkward"Y-yeah?"
ch "{size=*2}YOU’RE DEAD MEAAAAT!{/size}" with hpunch
ch "{size=*2}WE’RE GONNA CRUSH YOUUUU!{/size}" with hpunch
y "O-ok, please don’t."
r "Chelsie, calm down a lil’."
ch "{size=*2}LOOK AT HER FUCKING AXE, THERIUM, IT’S HUUUUGE!{/size}" with hpunch
r "It is pretty big...aha…"
ch "{size=*3}WE’RE GONNA FUCK YOU UP!{/size}" with hpunch
y "Good luck to you too."
Th "[name]...do me a favor and step back."
y surprised"Huh? But my whole thing kinda requires me to get close to-"
th "Do as I say."
y simple"O-ok."
th "And please, answer me this."
th "Do you promise to give it your all...at all times?"
th "Do you promise to upkeep your responsabilities when push comes to shove?"
y sadsmile"Yeah, that’s kind of the plan, I don’t like losing, especially getting beaten up, or possibly dying."
th "Then I'll ease your burden for today, and maybe you'll do the same for us, in the future."
th "So another step away would be preferable."
q "You do as he asks, noticing the new hope in his voice."
q "Whenever you think you figured him out, he does a one eighty on ya. A vice that would drive most people away, allures you in deeper."
q "{i}'Maybe I’m just as fucked up as him'{/i}, you ponder."
q "The bell rings."
ch "SPIDER ROBOTS, GO! TORPEDO SHOES, LASER GLOVES, GUN!"
ch "ROSE! TAKE OUT THE TWINK BEFORE-"
th "You are all such a pain, hindrances, and nothing more..."
q "From his pouch, a Nightfallen is summoned-"
blur 15
q "A Savage Fur, the worst of all, a Wyvern, not only that, but the biggest one you’ve ever see."
q "Its coiled wings block out the sun, a colossal shadow looming over its opponents, and a thick, spiky tail protects its master."
q "The head, with piercing eyes visible from the darkness and the smoke, ready to deliver a devastating blow, you can feel the heat of its charging breath even as it’s only charging."
r "{size=*0.5}Before?...{/size}"
ch "I am not paid enough for this shit…"
q "In the following moment, any and all of the raccoon’s tech toys are melted, the rabbit’s axe: in flames, as for the two girls…"
q "When the flames, smoke and dust finally settle, they’re spotted inside a protective, golden barrier."
q "The bell rings."
d "And...with an unnecessary overkill from the Summoner’s part… THEY WIN!"
q "The crowd erupts in cheering, and you feel a bit embarrassed, mostly because you didn’t get to do anything."
Un "Alright...guess we didn’t need that medallion for this part."
y pf"You old, withered son of a bitch…"
q "Y-you’re getting angry, uhmm, might be a good time to retreat."
y angry"YOU MADE ME BEG ON MY KNEES!"
un worried"In my defense you’re still going to need the medallion! It won’t be useless!"
y pf"You better hope not…"
y "I’m not done with you just yet."
q "Your attention is grabbed by your opponents, who rush towards you for a handshake."
r "I had no idea the summoner’s vice leader is that strong."
ch "Me neither…"
r "Really? Didn’t you know him for years?"
ch "Yeah but...he’s always been- never mind, good match [name], shame we didn’t get to fight more."
y simple"Yeah..."
r "It’s also a shame we couldn’t shake hands with that beast of a man."
y "What do you mean? He’s right-"
q "Your partner is much stronger than you thought, yes, but he’s also slippery like a snake."
y "Damn it...I need to talk to him."
y "What the- where did he go?"
q "You look up amongst the crowd-"
y s"And you see Therium going towards the exit, and you follow him."
un ang"HEY! THAT’S MY LINE!"
y ec"You’re too slow!"
y "Sorry girls! Talk to you later!"
ch "Ok? Bye."
r "..."
r "Who was he talking to?"
ch "Meth?"
r "Could be...sick world we live in."
r "Even this country."
q"As you run towards the exit, more and more people try to corner you."
st "Wow! That was such a quick fight compared to the other one!"
st "You summoners are very skilled!"
st "I wanna know more about the vice leader, do you know how he got a Wyvern?"
q "{i}'Maybe ask him, not me?'{/i} you think while trying to get past them."
y angry"Ex-cuse! ME!"
y "Coming through!"
q "While following the stallion trying to get away, a peculiar blue butterfly sits on your nose."
y butter1"You’re very pretty, but I’m trying my hardest not to smack you right now…"
q "And another one, on your ear."
y butter2"Where are these coming from?"
q "And another one...and another one."
y butter3"Scribbles? A little help please?"
q "Your eyes get covered by butterflies…."
y "SCRIBBLES?!"
q "Your voice is muffled by butterflies…"
y"Mhmmh!"
q "Your consciousness is stolen...by butterflies."
q "The last thing you remember is the back of the stallion, slowly walking away from the arena, head down and tail unmoving."
al "Hey! Hey, are you alright?"
al "I’m calling a medic, hold on."
nu "Oh, you silly boy, he doesn’t know...nobody can wake you from a dream, not a real one, at least."
nu "You had to drag him over here like that? In broad daylight?"
nu "Eh, no matter, his fate is in your hands anyway."
nu "Not like we are capable of such a decision."
nu "So, Therium…"
nu "That sure was a spectacle."
nu "Father was looking forward to seeing him perform today, nonetheless."
nu "I take it that you think he’s more than qualified for the task then?"
th "No...he still has a lot to learn."
nu "You deduced that without letting him fight?"
nu "I thought we agreed, no more divination, it is not accurate enough."
nu "We saw that first-hand with your...failure."
th "I didn’t read his future!"
th "But I believe it is not the fighting that’s important."
nuu "He’s right."
th "There you are, finally letting yourself seen?"
nuu "I like stretching my wings sometimes too, you know?"
nuu "I agree with you, Therium."
nuu "Their connection has grown in a strange way in the past few days, it is curious to say the least."
nuu "He is and isn’t ready."
nuu "If you truly believe in him, then I’ll give him another chance."
nuu "But just know...you’ll completely lose him. Is that truly what you want?"
th "Why are you asking me? It’s not like any of this is real…Everything is preordained."
nuu "Aah, number one rule of divination, so you have been peaking! What a naughty boy."
nuu "Curiosity kills the cat, you know that, right?"
th "My curiosity is why the cat is alive."
nuu "That’s why you’re so sour about your relationship."
th "It just isn’t meant to be..."
nuu "Hah, true."
nuu "Still, would’ve been more fun if you didn’t know."
nuu "Oh how I wish I was the one to hold his fate in my claws, but that is not a great idea."
th "So you burdened me with it..."
nuu "Not this again, you know we can't-"
nuu "Oh?"
nuu "Oh, I think he’s waking up. Places everyone, places!"
th "W-wait, you're not actually doing it, are you?"
th "If you do, he-"
th "He won't-"
nuu "Won't love you anymore? Aww, but I thought you don't care."
th "I don't!"
th "But all his progress will be lost for no reason!"
nuu "Oh don't worry, a certain someone will retain the memories for him, he won't lose much."
th "..."
nuu "Well, if there are no more interuptions:"
nuu "Ah, you magnificent little freak, wake up again, and show us what you're made of." with longdissolve
nuu "Good luck."
This growing pain in my chest is going to fade, like always.
It was simply not meant to be.
He is talentless, not worth the risk...
I'm happy I went back to hating him, hate is a much easier emotion.
{i}Father{/i} would agree.
I was going to take care of a certain lion, to make sure he doesn't interfere in the future... but there is no future anymore.
y sad"I haven't been narating my own thoughts for a while, and frankly...I don't feel like doing much of an effort at this moment."
I'm not even sure if I should go to those battles, after all, I was hoping Therium would be my partner, but that might not happen.
Oh well, I should at least stand on the sidelines and watch Dallan, Aiden and Tate fight.
The arena is almost filled to the brim with cheering furs and excited faces.
And no wonder, since the battles have already begun, I peer into the ring and my voice immediately joins the cheering, as I see two familiar figures fighting side by side with surprising synergy.
y "Wohooo! Go Aiden! Go Tate!"
My voice is certainly drowned among the crowd, but somehow the two managed to spot me.
My presence is not much of a distraction for them, since they seem to be holding on pretty well against the two strangers in front of them.
The fight just started, but the ending is already clear.
Although both their opponents look like senior students, they do not stand a chance against the duo.
Soon, the voice of your wolf friend sounds the conclusion.
d "LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE A VICTOR! IT JUST GOES TO SHOW AGE DOESN’T DICTATE TALENT!"
crowd "{i}*murmurr murmurr*{/i}"
D "N-NOT THAT OUR SENIOR COLLEAGUES AREN’T TALENTED, THEY’RE JUST INFERIOR!"
crowd "{i}*GASP!*{/i}"
D "I-IN MAGICAL ABILITIES I MEAN!"
d "{i}*sigh*{/i} I need a co-host urgently…"
ch "Did somebody caaaaall?"
h "Oh for God’s sake."
y sadsmile"Aww, poor Dallan, I doubt he had any ill intent with any comment ever."
t "Yeah, don’t worry, nobody will ever be mad at Dallan."
y ec"Tate! Aiden! Hi!"
a "Sup?"
y s"Not much, just coming through, I slept a little longer than I was planning and-"
t "Yeah yeah, you can congratulate and tell us how awesome we were just now."
a "Let him talk for fuck’s sake."
y "You really were awesome, pity it ended so soon."
t "Yeah, turns out when my opponent doesn’t know how to cancel my teleportation fights are very easy."
a "The fight was a little unfair, I could’ve taken someone much bigger."
t "Ain’t that right?"
q "The tiger smacks him."
t "Ouch."
y smug"{size=*0.5}Not as big as me...{/size}"
a "What?{nw}"
y simple"What?{nw}"
t "Shoot, what are we doing here still?"
t "We’ll be late!"
a "I thought we’re asking Dallan to come as well?"
t "Eh, I’ll come back for him if things get dire, he might be against our plan anyway."
y simple"What are you up to? Same secret as yesterday?"
t "Yup, would love to tell you, babe, but it’s too dangerous for you."
y confused"Babe?"
a "We will definitely be back to watch your performance [name], don’t worry, we wouldn’t miss it."
y sadsmile"That’s very sweet of you, but I can’t promise it will be super interesting."
Or if it will happen at all...
t "Yup, that’s a promise from your number one crush, come on lover boy, adventure awaits!"
q "The tiger blushes pink from the first comment, and red with anger after the cat runs by you kissing you on the cheek, a peck, if you may."
a "H-how DARE YOU?!"
He runs after him while turning his face away.
y simple"Huh, I am not even phased by that."
th "Phased by what?"
y ec"Oh! Therium! Just, umm, the fights, not even phased by them anymore."
th "Yeah, they used to be much bloodier back in my day."
y pf"How bloody?"
th "I jest, have you been waiting long?"
y simple"I...no, but I was ready to wait even longer, didn't think...never mind."
The smile he was trying to keep through trembling eyes and teeth disappears little by little.
y "Is...something wrong?"
th "No, course not."
th "Just a lot on my mind, I suppose."
y sad"I'm sorry..."
th "..."
After minutes of awkward, silent minutes later, the bell rings, and Dallan gets ready to announce the next pair.
th "Looks like we're up."
y surprised"W-we? We two?"
th "Don't worry, I'm going to make it quick."
th "We don't have to force ourselves to be around each other."
y simple"That's not..."
y sad"Do we need some kind of strategy?"
th "No need. I don't have much time on my hands, so nobody will stop me."
y simple"Alright?"
I move out and enter the arena, Therium keeps a few feet in front of me, and a tear seems to form in his eye, something I don’t get to question him about just yet.
Dallan announces our names proudly-
d "AGAINST ROSE AND CHELSIE, VICE LEADER AGAINST VICE LEADER, RECOMMENDED STUDENT VERSUS RECOMMENDED STUDENT, DEFENDERS AND SUMMONERS, EQUAL FOOTING SO FAR, LET’S SEE WHO WILL BE VICTORIOUS!"
d "BEST OF LUCK TO BOTH SIDES!"
y sadsmile"Oh boy, they really made sure the power scale is as balanced as possible, huh?"
ch "WOOHOO! LET’S GO ROOOOSE!"
ch "[NAME]! HEY [NAME]!"
y awkward"Y-yeah?"
ch "{size=*2}YOU’RE DEAD MEAAAAT!{/size}"
ch "WE’RE GONNA CRUSH YOUUUU!"
y "O-ok, please don’t."
r "Chelsie, calm down a lil’."
ch "{size=*2}LOOK AT HER FUCKING AXE, THERIUM, IT’S HUUUUGE!{/size}"
r "It is pretty big...aha…"
ch "{size=*3}WE’RE GONNA FUCK YOU UP!{/size}"
y sadsmile"Good luck to you too."
th "Step back, [name]."
y simple"You look pretty serious so...I'll do just that."
y "What else do I do? I have to be able to help somehow."
th "Stand on the sideleines and watch what a true summoner should be capable of."
th "Your time to impress me is over."
I do as he asks, noticing the new venom in his voice.
Whenever I think I figured him out, he does a one eighty on me.
Maybe he's really not worth following around...
The bell rings.
ch "SPIDER ROBOTS, GO! TORPIDO SHOES, LASER GLOVES, GUN!"
ch "ROSE! TAKE OUT THE TWINK BEFORE-"
th "Useless...everyone useless...everyone but me."
A Savage Fur, the worst of all, a Wyvern, not only that, but the biggest one I’ve ever see.
Its coiled wings block out the sun, a colossal shadow looming over its opponents, and a thick, spiky tail protects its master.
The head, with piercing eyes visible from the darkness and the smoke, ready to deliver a devastating blow, you can feel the heat of its charging breath even as it’s only charging.
r "B-before?..."
ch "I am not paid enough for this shit…"
In the following moment, any and all of Chelsie’s tech toys are melted, Rose’s axe: in flames, as for the two girls…
When the flames, smoke and dust finally settle, they’re spotted inside a protective, golden barrier.
The bell rings.
d "And...with an unnecessary overkill from the Summoner’s part… THEY WIN!"
The crowd erupts in cheering, and I feel a bit embarrassed, mostly because I didn’t get to do anything.
My attention is grabbed by my opponents, who rush towards me for a handshake.
r "I had no idea the summoner’s vice leader is that strong."
ch "Me neither…"
r "Really? Didn’t you know him for years?"
ch "Yeah but...he’s always been- never mind, good match [name], shame we didn’t get to fight more."
y simple"Yeah..."
r "It’s also a shame we couldn’t shake hands with that beast of a man."
y "What do you mean? He’s right-"
My partner is much stronger than I thought, yes, but he’s also slippery like a snake.
y bored"Damn it...I need to talk to him."
y surprised"What the- where did he go?"
I look up amongst the crowd-
y s"And I see Therium going towards the exit, and I follow him."
y ec"Sorry girls! Talk to you later!"
ch "Ok? Bye."
r "..."
r "Who was he talking to?"
ch "Meth?"
r "Could be...sick world we live in."
r "Even this country."
As I run towards the exit, more and more people try to corner me.
st "Wow! That was such a quick fight compared to the other one!"
st "You summoners are very skilled!"
st "I wanna know more about the vice leader, do you know how he got a Wyvern?"
{i}'Maybe ask him, not me?'{/i} I think while trying to get past them.
y angry"Ex-cuse! ME!"
y "Coming through!"
While following Therium trying to get away, a peculiar blue butterfly sits on my nose.
y butter1"You’re very pretty, but I’m trying my hardest not to smack you right now…"
And another one, on my ear.
y butter2"Where are these coming from?"
And another one...and another one.
y butter3"Scribbles? This would be a great time to show yourself again, need a little help."
My eyes get covered by butterflies….
y butter3"SCRIBBLES?!"
My voice is muffled by butterflies…
y "Mhmmh!"
q "Your consciousness is stolen...by butterflies."
q "The last thing you remember is the back of the stallion, slowly walking away from the arena, head down and tail unmoving."
q "I'm...sorry."
al "Hey! Hey, are you alright?"
al "I’m calling a medic, hold on."
nu "Oh, you silly boy, he doesn’t know...nobody can wake you from a dream, not a real one, at least."
nu "So, Therium…"
nu "That sure was a spectacle."
nu "Father was looking forward to seeing him perform today."
nu "I take it that you think he’s more than qualified for the task?"
th "No...he’s not ready, and he’ll never be ready."
nu "Are you sure? You’re not saying that because he broke your heart, right?"
th "You’re not giving me enough credit if you think I’d fall for him like that."
nu "If you say so."
nu "Pity, he was growing on me."
nu "I suppose we’re going for the next plan then?"
th "It would seem so…"
nu "Then what are you waiting for? Bring out the False Hydra."
nu "We’re starting from the beginning."
nu "Where did I put that thin- aha!"
nu "Throw him in there, I can’t stand to look at that thing for too long, the hands freak me out."
nu "Ironically, heh."
th "Goodbye [name], as I said before, it would’ve been better if you stayed out of all of this…"
th "I admit, it hurts, a tiny bit, but as soon as your body is gone, I won’t remember you, so did you ever exist in my mind or at all? What are we? if not memories…"
th "That’s something we could’ve talked about, over a cup of tea, if only the circumstances were different."
th"Here boy, lunch."
th "I’m sorry...[name]."
th "It's for the sake of the world, you'd understand, right?"
th "...right."
nu "Look at the bright side, we can go back to our original plan."
nu "Well...the original plan B, after your failure, of course."
nu "And your mind will never be lingering on [name] again."
th "I think you're right, but..."
th "Who is...[name]?" with longdissolve
pause 3.0
sis "Mom? Why is there so much...guy stuff in the guest room?"
mom "I...I don’t remember."
mom "When was the last time we were here?"
sis "Umm, wasn’t it when dad visited? I'm not sure either."
mom "Oh, that’s right, he probably put all these up, he always liked things a certain way, including decoration."
{i}*Drawer door slams closed.*{/i}
mom "What was that? What’s in that drawer?"
sis "Nothing!"
sis "I certainly didn’t learn anything new and gross about dad just now."
mom "Ughh, he’s just incredible..."
mom "Enough, let’s go, we’ll be late to our reservations, I’ll clear out some of his stuff later."
sis "Coming!"
...
pause 2.0
...
So it begins...
nu "So, Therium…"
nu "That sure was a spectacle."
nu "Father was looking forward to seeing him perform today."
nu "I take it that you think he’s more than qualified for the task?"
th "No...he still has a lot to learn."
nu "You deduced that without letting him fight?"
nu "I thought we agreed, no more divination."
th "I didn’t read his future."
th "But he's weak, fragile, lacks talent."
th "He's simply not feet."
nu "Oh SPARE me...I told you this will be his response, father."
nuu "He could be right."
th "Finally letting yourself seen?"
nuu "I like stretching my wings sometimes too, you know?"
nuu "I can't say I truly agree with you Therium."
nuu "I am afraid you might be letting your emotions run aloof."
th "We. Need. Someone. Else."
nuu "..."
nuu "What kind of parent would I be if I won't give my own son a second chance."
th "The kind of parent who cares about this world?"
nu "I agree with father."
th "You're the one to talk, you're barely a walking corpse, why would you care if the whole world-"
nuu "ENOUGH!"
nuu "My decision is final."
nuu "One more chance."
nu"At least this time, he'll spend his time with someone worthwhile."
th "..."
nuu "Oh, I think he’s waking up. Places everyone, places!"
...
...
pause 2.0