?"
un "Now that’s something I can help with."
un "You fell asleep spontaneously after that massage and the talk you had with the horse."
un "Your heart slowed down and your eyelids became heavy, it was like a factory reset."
un "Don’t ask how I know what that term means."
y "Do you know why that would ever happen?"
un "Maybe, you were much more exhausted than you thought, although I doubt that’s it since I was feeling absolutely fine too."
un "Doubt there was any poison or magic involved, since again, didn’t sense any."
un "So my only explanation is that it must have something to do with our growing bond."
y bored"Even more side effects? You said lust rushes would be the only ones!"
un "I didn’t know of all the extra stuff either!"
y "Do you at least know how we got back to my dorm?"
un "Didn’t get to see anyone too clearly, it was a small figure with a shaky voice, that’s all I remember."
y simple"It doesn’t seem like they wanted to stick around, unless-"
y pf"Hmm."
q "You take a long look around the room through squinted eyes."
un "What are you looking for?"
y "Maybe they’re here...just invisible...or they are veeeery small."
un "Or maybe they left a note and left, dumbass."
y s"Nah, there is no way they- oh, there is a note indeed."
q "The note is folded neatly underneath a glass of water on the table."
q "You now realize how dehydrated you are and thank the stranger silently while raising the glass and unfolding the paper."
q "It reads:"
q"{i}Hey, you passed out on the street and I took the liberty of bringing you back to your dorm, it wasn’t too far away and your key with your room number was in your backpack, I hope that’s not a problem.{/i}"
y ec"Why would it ever be a problem? Thank you kind stranger!"
q"{i}Make sure to drink water, have a snack and sleep, and maybe visit a doctor.{/i}"
q"{i}P.S I swear I didn’t see the massive toy at the bottom of your bag, and if you think I did, I certainly didn’t touch it, I promise.{/i}"
y pf"God FUCKING damn it!"
un "You keep a dildo in your backpack at all times?"
y worried"For...emergencies."
un "Slut."
y angry"Don’t judge me! I’m a victim!"
un "Who is that even from?"
y simple"let’s see, uhmm, on the back maybe?"
y "Yup…"
y "Alphonse?"
y pf"Well, thank you again Alphonse, just pray I don’t find a memory erasing machine anytime in the near future."
un "Hey...look outside."
y simple"Hmm? What about it?"
y s"It’s beautiful."
un "It’s getting red."
y bored"Yeah, that’s what happens at-"
y simple"Sunset…"
y worried"SUNSET! THERIUM!"
y "Shit shit shit!"
y "Uhmm, what was it? A book, I need a book."
y "Aghh, but I didn’t think about it enough, am I going to be late?"
un "Maybe you can find a book underneath all of your sex toys."
y angry"Zip it."
q "You spend the next two minutes frantically searching through your backpack, luggage and even the internet, turning the room into a cartoon fight scene."
q "No idea where you even found a stepping ladder to throw around, or who’s grandma that is."
q "In the end, you found a couple of worthy choices, which you lay down on the table."
y worried"I don’t even know what the task is, he just wanted to see my favorite book."
y "What does a book have to do with divination anyway?"
y "Maybe it’s for a book club? Maybe he’s simply curious and it doesn’t really matter what I choose, or maybe it was a trick question from the start…"
y simple"Let’s see..."

--- CHOICES ---
→ What do I take?
→ The Lakonia Academy Student Handbook.
→ The Philosophy of Monsters for Monsters- by Raymond K.
→ The Adventures of Firefly, the Warrior Cat.
--- END CHOICES ---

th "In any case, glad you shared your book with me."
y s"So...what spell did you use?"
th "Spell?"
y "You know, for divination."
th "Just something called logical analysis."
y simple"Ah...so...no magic?"
th "Trust me, some people are easy enough to read without magic."
th "Your response shows me enough."
y s"Alright, in that case-"
y "What did you choose?"
th "I don’t remember saying I’ll bring my own book."
y smug"Yet you sure are holding what looks to be a book."
th "Would you look at that, must be fate."
th "But this isn’t really a book, it’s more of a diary, an incomplete one at that. The author died tragically before finishing it."
y simple"Is that the original?"
th "No no, I wouldn’t dare touch the original."
Did I just see something in my peripherals, or...
th "But the writing holds true to it nonetheless."
th "The transcriber has a good reputation around here."
y simple"Why did you choose it?"
th "Ironically, I hate the contents inside it more than anything, almost every line clashes with my own ambitions and desires, and the writing itself is mediocre at best."
y confused"You love and hate it at the same time? How does that work."
th "I told you it’s ironic, I suppose it’s because it intrigues me."
th "I am trying to understand what made the writer such a beloved person, what about his views makes this diary so precious to some."
y "Who is the author?"
th "Why it’s {b}{i}redacted{/i}{/b}, of course."
th "You might be familiar."
q "A stupid, infuriating, hideous smirk appears on his face, making your blood boil."
No it doesn’t...what are you talking about?
y simple"I don't think I heard of them."
The name itself kind of slipped my mind as he said it, I must still be a little tired.
th "In the end it is entertaining, and isn’t that why we read books? Sure, information and knowledge is great, but if it provides zero mind stimulants then what is the point?"
th "Was that a satisfactory answer?"
y s"Definitely, I learned a lot of things about you with that one."
th "Such as?"
y smug"It tells me you are way more open minded than I thought, if you’re willing to read and study something written by a person you openly dislike and don’t agree with."
y ec"It also tells me your empathy levels are through the roof!"
th "Is that really your final takeaway?"
th "Only positive things?"
th "What about comparing it to an unreasonable obsession? Or calling me a masochist for angering myself with this kind of stuff?"
Th "There are many bad takeaways from my words depending on who I speak with, and there is no way you of all people agree with everything."
th "We are way too different."
y sadsmile"You’re right, I don’t understand a lot of your ways."
th "So why…?"
y "You’re giving me too much credit, the simple answer is that…"
y ec"I just don’t care."
y s"I don’t really care for our differences, because just like you and the diary, it’s fun to work through them."
y "It’s true, I don’t know a lot about you, I’m sure you must have some kind of dark, edgy secret beneath the skin, but for now, all I know is that I like you, so yeah...take that I guess."
y "My ultimate reasoning will always be-"
y sadsmile"Some things are worth fighting and hurting for...you know?"
th "…"
th "Fine. You win. You weakened me enough."
th "What’s your question?"
q "Your eyes sparkle and your back straightens, at last, your long awaited opportunity is presenting itself, and you have one chance, one question, one answer."
q "Make it count…"
y simple"Who…"
y "Are you, exactly?"
q "From above you a chuckle can be heard and the rustling of leaves as the stallion readjusts his position, preparing himself."
th "You’re not as goofy when the stakes rise high, you might just have hope in you."
th "Have you heard of Eldor?"
Y "Umm, it is a city in the Kingdom of Lordanna, correct?"
th "It WAS."
y confused"Is it not...anymore?"
y "But I read-"
th "It’s all fake."
th "Anything the media says about Lordanna is either speculation or fabrication."
th "Eldor is its prime example."
th "The place is a ghost town, few buildings remain standing occupied by gangs, thugs and thieves, no sane person lives there anymore."
th "Of course, the name still stands on the map because the King wouldn’t possibly allow the world to think his perfect paradise has problems."
y simple"I’m assuming you were born there, in Eldor."
th "That would be my curse, yes."
th "To be unfortunate enough to be born in a place plagued by war."
th "Father died fighting in it, mother slain by it."
th "And even the King claims it never happened."
th "But hundreds of blown up buildings and thousands of lost souls would say otherwise."
th "All that was left for me was to flee."
th "And what better place than the country that these useless people's conflicts never touched."
th "The sheer density of Nightfallen keeps whole armies away."
th "Without trained hunters and specialized equipment, a handful of demons are enough to wipe them out."
th "Of course, there are downsides, you can’t leave a barrier without the risk of being raped or on occasion even murdered, unless, of course, you have hunters by your side."
th "However, that is the price you pay for peace."
th "These monsters considered ‘pests’ by most are, in the end, the saving grace and the driving economy of the country."
th "Nightfallen have shown me kindness, my kind have shown me horrors beyond belief."
th "I am someone that knows the difference between bad and evil."
q "While clutching the book in your hands, a drop of crystal clear liquid splatters on top of it."
Is it...starting to rain?
q "Of course not, you knew that already, it was a tear, a tear replaced quickly by laughter."
th "Haha."
th "You know...it’s funny."
Th "Only about four people know about my past, and now you’re the fifth."
th "I can’t even wrap my head around how we got here."
th "It wasn’t in my plans to tell you all that."
th "For years I’ve been trying to find my purpose, to find ways to achieve my own personal agenda."
th "And I thought the impossible was about to become reality…"
th "I thought I’ll finally do something other than sulk for the first time in over two decades…"
th"But I wasn’t good enough...apparently."
Th "What about you?"
th "What’s so SPECIAL about you?"
q "He asks with a hint of venom in his voice."
y simple"Not much…"
y "Not compared to you at least."
th "My sorrows do not make me special, and neither do my talents, which you’ll probably surpass in a matter of years, or less."
y sadsmile"I doubt I’ll ever get close to your level."
th "Come on, are you playing dumb on purpose now?"
th "You summoned my own pet out of my own crystal better than I can."
th "And you’ve never even summoned before."
th "You didn’t even know the difference between the types of gems, or even the price of a Nightfallen."
th "How can you hunt them when you don’t even know their worth?"
th "So give me a reason, some information, anything, there must be something worthwhile about you."
y "I guess, well, my dad left when my sister was born, if that counts for anything."
q "He chuckles again."
y "It is pretty funny compared to your life, I admit, I know that much."
th "That’s not why I’m laughing."
th "It’s not your fault you grew up privileged."
th "Having everything handed to you on a platter."
th "Energy manipulator..."
q "He looks at the darkening sky, contemplating."
th "We are so very different, [name]."
th "And yet...you’re so much like the author of the diary, that I can’t help but be intrigued, although angry at the same time."
th "I am a summoner that refuses to kill Nightfallen."
th "That’s not normal, that’s not what a good summoner does."
th "{i}'If you want to stand on the side lines, become a Defender'{/i}."
th "So many times people have told me to join the Defenders, but I don’t want to just...not participate in the problem…"
th "I want to solve it."
y simple"It might not be a good time, or the answer you’re looking for at the moment, but that seems...impossible."
y worried"You can’t change the core of the world, can you?"
q "He looks down at you with a frown on, which starts to soften as he meets your eyes."
th "I can’t, not anymore."
th "But that won’t stop me from trying."
th "And the more I think about it, the more I realize that, perhaps...it’s for the best."
y "I’m not sure I follow."
th "You will understand, in time."
th "Your future is still yet to be determined."
y sadsmile"If not even a divinator can see my future then I’m in rough waters, huh?"
th "You like surprises, don’t you, [name]?"
y "As long as they’re good surprises."
th "But that takes away half the fun."
y simple"I think it just turns into gambling with extra steps."
th "Gambling with fate, the most beautiful thing to witness as a divinator."
blur 15
q "The few Nightfallen creatures around him turn into smoke, along with the diary, and the stallion jumps down beside you."
th "Our conversation was eye opening for sure, I just have to figure if the image before me is ugly or not."
y sadsmile"I’m sorry for making you cry, but I appreciate the honesty, more than you know."
th "…"
th "Opening me up like that the way you did is turning out to be more troublesome than I thought, I admit."
th "Hard decisions are foreseen in the near future."
th "Thank you for your answers as well."
th "For now, it’s goodbye."
q "With the wind playing through his mane and the setting sun turning his silhouette dark crimson, he takes the first steps down the hill, leaving you alone with your thoughts."
y determined"One thought being the loudest."
y "Scribbles! I need you to fetch me something, pronto!"
un "Already read your mind, literally...I’m on it."
q "You run after the stallion who moves painfully slow, with his hands in his pockets and head kept down."
Y ec"Therium! Wait up!"
q "He turns his head surprised and halts."
y ec"One last thing, since we’re parting ways."
q "You take out a beautiful, half bloomed blue rose and hand it to him, a real rose, a rose which the setting sun is forcing to close."
y sadsmile"Figured it’s my turn to be a bit of a flirt, even if it’s not my style."
th "Why…"
th "Are you doing this?"
q "His surprise turns to sadness then anger and finally acceptance in a matter of seconds."
y smug"Remember what you said back then? A real rose for when we say goodbye."
y "This is the first time we’re saying goodbye since I came here."
y "Well...other than yesterday evening…"
y "But you know what I mean."
pass
th "You even remembered that little thing?"
q "He scoffs, then accepts the flower with shy hands brushing against your fingers."
q "He grabs the flower bud close to its base, sniffs it from a distance, the fragrance being strong enough to notice even from where you’re standing, then-"
q "Gently breaks the head from its stem, placing it into his summoning pouch."
q "You’d be a bit disappointed by that if you didn’t know just how important a summoner’s pouch is to them."
q "His faint smile fades as his next words are spoken."
th "[name]...remember how I flirted with you uncomfortably obvious at times?"
th "Many times, in fact."
y blush"Uhmm, y-yeah?"
y "I don’t mind, I actually liked it, if that’s what you’re-"
th "I want you to forget all about that."
y simple"Oh."
th "You deserve better."
th "And thanks...you gave me a lot to think about."
q "This time, as he turns around and walks away, his steps are more rapid and head kept higher."
q "It could be an attempt to hide his emotions or maybe you really did make him feel better."
y sad"I don’t know...I feel like I completely killed him today…"
un "Why do you say that?"
y simple"Ever since-"
un "Sorry, just a sec, I don’t want to have to narrate you leaving this place. So can you do it while explaining whatever you’re about to explain?"
y "Oh, ok, sorry."
Y worried"As I was saying, ever since he got that call earlier he seemed sad."
y "Or angry?"
y simple"He gave me that invitation and made me bring a book, I thought we’ll have a great time talking about them, then we’ll give each other questions about our personal lives in a place that nobody is around to hear, but-"
y "I guess I underestimated what {i}‘personal’{/i} means to others."
un "What does it mean to you?"
y "Nothing."
y "Literally nothing, or barely something."
y "The personal stuff is usually the embarrassing things that happen to me and family issues."
y "Then half the things he said…"
y "He was obviously in turmoil, but what exactly about?"
un "Maybe his dead parents or home country plagued by war?"
y "No, that was not it, it had something to do with me."
un eyeroll"He’s just jealous of your abilities, duh."
y worried"That is also not it! How can he be jealous when I displayed almost no skills!"
y "He must know something I don’t, something about me, about...my energy powers maybe? Or even about-"
un eyeroll"Ughh, it’s not that deep, maybe he’s just a bad person, did you think about that? Many people put on a face and it turns out they’re evil pieces of shit."
y bored"And your attitude-"
un "Oh here we go."
y simple"You don’t like him, do you?"
un sidee"I don’t...hate him."
y "But you dislike him?"
un "…"
un "No comment."
y "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
y angry"Everyone wants to give me a migraine these days."
y bored"People’s emotions really are way too complicated."
t "[NAME]! [NAME]! [NAME]!"
y "Speaking of headaches."
a "{size=*1.5}COME BACK YOU FILTHY $*#@& SLUT!{/size}"
un "Huh, your mind automatically censors the extra bad no no words, neat."
q "The loud purple cat from earlier comes running up to you while screaming at the top of his lungs, turning heads as he passes."
q "He jumps into your arms then immediately gets behind you, using you as a meat shield against the approaching, fuming tiger."
a "ACCEPT YOUR FATE AND DIE!"
t "I SWEAR I DIDN’T SEE ANYTHING!"
a "LIES!"
y surprised"Whaaat is happening?"
a "[name], please get out of the way, I need a clear view of his throat."
t "Go deep throat yourse- AH!"
q "He covers his own mouth fearing for his life, whatever he was going to say, he realized he better not."
y "It’s not up to me to move, he’s kind of just man-handling me around."
un "He’s extremely strong for a twink."
d "Guys, come on, you’re gathering eyes upon you and you’re scaring [name]!"
y worried"Very much so."
t "As my best friend, you have to protect me, [name]."
y bored"We’ve only interacted like four times in total."
y simple"Why do you want to kill him anyway?"
a "Let’s just say… he saw something he shouldn’t have."
t "Dallan saw it too! He was with me!"
a "You know Dallan didn’t see shit! SO STOP LYING!"
d "Aiden, whatever Tate saw, I’m sure he wouldn’t tell anyone, right?"
t "Yes! Yes, I promise!"
a "That is not good enough! I need to make sure."
a "The tongue and fingers have to go, for starters."
t "{i}*Gulp*{/i}"
t "Look! Why can’t we make a compromise, you already know MY biggest secret, now I technically know yours, allegedly, so we have black mail on each other, isn’t that enough?"
a "I do have your biggest secret in my claws since I helped you with it, it’s true…hmm."
a "That can be a good compromise, better than manslaughter anyway."
a "Why didn’t you say anything sooner?"
t "I WAS TOO BUSY RUNNING FOR MY LIFE!"
q "Finally, the cat feels slightly more secure and lets go of your shoulders, his claws leaving small holes in your shirt."
d "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
d "Sorry, [name]."
d "They’ve been like this all day, and they refuse to tell me what these ‘secrets’ of theirs are."
a "It’s for your own good."
t "Actually, it’s for ours, you’re too obedient, Dallan."
d "That’s a good trait to have! Isn’t it?"
y ec"I love obedient boys!"
d "See?"
t "Ew."
a "Ew."
un "Ew."
y angry"Not THAT way!"
d "Anyway, after so much running around, I need some good food, table for four, here we come!"
q "You take a metal tray and start to fill it up with whatever the cooks have made, and for tonight, dozens of stir fried dishes, from chicken, pork or beef, to veggies, seafood and different types of noodles."
q "You take a little of everything and a bowl of egg drop soup to balance everything out."
q "You didn’t realize it until now, but you’re on the verge of starvation, having only eaten breakfast."
q "You follow the other three guys to an empty table and sit down."
q "Their earlier conflict quickly disappears and they start laughing among themselves like friends, well, the cat and the wolf are laughing, while the tiger is barely chuckling."
q "This new friendly vibe almost made you forget about him, but a simple thought is enough to sour your face as you look at your reflection in the silver spoon."
q "The cat is the first to stop the jokes."
t "Hey, something wrong?"
t "Why the long face?"
a "Talking of long faces, where’s Therium, weren’t you hanging out with him earlier?"
d "Did he have something to do with it?"
y simple"Well… yes and no."
y sad"You guys were kind of right before, he’s weird, not necessarily in a bad way...but weird for sure."
y simple"I just don’t really know how to read him."
a "Fucking hell, he didn’t break your heart already, did he?"
a "That’s it, I’ll kill him."
t "Sit down avenger."
t "You’ve broken ten times more hearts than he ever did."
y worried"Please… don’t, he didn’t really do that...I mean, its not like we were together or anything."
y "I literally met him yesterday."
d "So?"
d "I met Chelsie on day one and we’ll be best friends till the end of time."
t "Yeah, and Aiden meets a guy on the first day then sends them to the hospital in the same day."
a "Continue like this and I’m not helping you anymore."
He makes a zip up motion on his mouth.
d "What we’re trying to say is that time is irrelevant, starting something is always the most complicated part, ending them is easier."
a "You only live once after all."
d "It is the experiences you share together that matter."
t "Can’t believe you two have similar views on relationships, to some extent."
q "The tiger shoots him an ugly look."
t "A-and that’s not an insult! Just an observation, I swear."
un "I agree with them."
un "It’s better to regret a relationship than to regret missing out on one."
I thought you didn’t like Therium that much.
un "I don’t have to be in love with him to tell the truth."
y sadsmile"Can’t have a broken heart that easily, can I?"
y "I mean, I didn’t even know I liked him this much before… by before I mean minutes ago, actually."
a"Love is weird, sometimes it’s just lust disguised as something more."
d"Or admiration."
t "Or pity."
d "But you won’t know unless you dive in."
y simple"So… you’re saying I should just go for it?"
a "We’re saying you have to make up your mind now, and come up with a reasonable response now."
d "And throughout your journey you’ll find out if that answer was correct!"
T "Or if you were meant to die alone surrounded by cats."
t "I volunteer if anything."
a "So...do you like him now?"
q "A butterfly lazily flies in through the window and lands on your shoulder."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Not really…
→ Yeah…
--- END CHOICES ---

t "-do you have any plans for tomorrow’s pair battles?"
y simple"I forgot about those for a while. I’m not exactly sure about my strategy or even who I’ll be with, do you have any suggestions?"
t "Personally I’m taken, and we already registered, so as much as I’d want to I can’t go back."
a "I could get rid of my partner if you’re in need of a pair."
t "I’m your partner!"
a "As I said, easy to dispose of."
y bored"I think I’ll pass…"
d "I’ll be fighting alongside another first year."
d "But maybe you could set him up with Monty, Aiden."
a "Not a chance."
t "Is he still in the hospital?"
a "Yup."
y simple"What happened to him?"
adt "Chelsie."
y pf"That...doesn’t tell me much."
y simple"In any case, is it bad if I stay out of the battles?"
d "You could...but-"
t "It’s so much fun! You can’t just stay on the side lines!"
a "And it’s a good time to show off, might impress some teachers, classmates or even the Headmaster."
d "You could always go alone, it’s not against the rules, but highly unlikely you’ll win, teamwork is better than personal strength."
t "Not if the opponent is someone like you, Dallan."
d "Come on, I’m not THAT strong."
a "Sure…like you couldn’t destroy the whole town in one move if you wanted."
d "Haima and Merina can do that too."
y simple"That’s scary…"
q "You continue eating while being amazed at these people’s abilities, making you feel more and more insecure with each passing word."
q "With your trays empty and stomach full, you part ways with the three men with some hearty goodbyes, and walk towards your dorm."
q "The moons are out already, illuminating your path alongside the scarce street lamps, and the evening’s air has lost a couple degrees since you entered the cafeteria."
q "It isn’t too late, but your eyes are already beginning to close on the way, hoping and praying you won’t pass out like earlier."
q "The familiar stone stairs make a satisfying stomping sound beneath your feet with a light echo."
q "You open the door to the dorm building and walk up what feels like an infinite number of stairs."
q "The desire for an elevator is almost as strong as the one for a soft bed."
q "You unlock the door and step inside, not bothering with the lights."
un "Aaare you going to shower?"
un squint"I feel sticky and filthy."
y sleepy"Do I haaaave to?"
un suspicious"Yes! I’m not sleeping like this!"
y "Don’t you feel my fatigue too?"
un "My standards are keeping my head leveled and my wits sharp."
y "What the hell are you saying?"
un ang"Get up and go WASH YOURSELF!"
y "FIIIIIIIIIIIINE!"
q "You begrudgingly take off your clothes one by one and throw them on the bed, stepping in the bathroom already naked."
q "The shower is still missing its head, but other than that, everything looks great, they even have their own shampoo and soap brands ready for you, as well as a nice towel."
y nakedbored"Let’s hope the water’s hot."
q "Except for the fact that it feels like being hosed down with...well, a hose, because of the missing shower head, the water feels nice on your skin as it soaks into your fur."
q "The relief and relaxation comes over you almost instantly, clearing your mind with each passing second and with each square inch of fur getting wet."
q "You certainly don’t regret listening to a certain demon inside your head."
y "For once."
q "Your sleepiness slowly fades, not completely, but enough to make way for extra thoughts of that annoying stallion that just won’t go away whenever you close your eyes."
y nakedsimple"No...not annoying, I’m mistaken."
y "It’s my fault for falling for people so easily."
un "Yet you can’t stop imagining him naked, here, with you in the shower."
y "I can’t control my mind, and it’s not like it is lying, I’m just...confused right now."
un simple"Can I be honest?"
y "Are you gonna say something mean?"
un sidee"Nnn-noo...yes."
y nakedbored"{i}*sigh*{/i} Just spit it out."
un "I don’t understand what you see in him."
un "Like...at all."
y "How do I put it?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Really nice.
→ Extremely hot.
→ Just my type.
→ He’s smart.
→ He’s unique.
→ What else…?
→ I should give at least one reason...
--- END CHOICES ---

q "T-the thing fades away before your eyes."
y pf"Cool cool cool cool cool..."
y "So-"
Y "That was-"
y simple"Him."
y "It."
un simple"The myth, the legend."
y "Is this thing what we came here for? A medallion"
un bored"Yuuup."
y simple"We’re not going in a dungeon then…"
un "Nooope."
y "But it was supposed to be in the dungeon…"
un "Yuuup."
y "And that thing wasn't supposed to have it."
un "Nooope."
y bored"You’re not very useful."
Y "Who was that and why did it have your medallion?"
un sidee"Uhm, no idea, but hey, now we don’t have to waste time, lets go."
y surprised"Wha-"
y angry"Are you just going to dismiss them like that?"
un ang"I don’t know! I don’t feel like solving mysteries now!"
un bored"Whatever that thing was it made our jobs easier."
un "Now we don’t even have to go into my secret lair."
y simple"Kinda disappointing...but aren’t you worried someone else knows about it?"
y "Maybe you should check on it."
un "Your fatigue is catching up with me as well, I can’t think of much else other than sleep."
un "Maybe after that test of yours or something we can explore more."
un "For now, tuck that thing away in your shirt and keep it out of sight at all times."
y pf"hmm..."
Scribbles clearly doesn’t want to talk about it, but a big, fat question is...why?
Seems like a pretty big deal to me.
I begin walking back- oh, wait.
I’ll leave the narration to him before he gets pissy.
q "Hey, are you there? I’m talking about how the night’s air feels on your skin again, you listening?"
y simple"Yup, I’m here and focused."
q "Great, so, the cold air makes your pelt fluff up and bristle, but on the inside, your body is as warm as it gets."
y "That’s odd, could I have caught a fever?"
q "Your rapid beating heart says otherwise, perhaps that cloaked figure got you flustered-"
y "No shot."
q "Or maybe something from tonight’s experience made you think of a special someone, or a hot someone, at least."
y blush"I am beginning to think about someone now...and my heart is indeed racing."
blur 10
q "The town’s night lights are within view, just a block or two to go."
q "You follow the same path you took to the academy, and make sure to watch your surroundings for any guards or other strangers to question you."
q "That feeling of adrenaline keeps intensifying, as you now feel like you're being watched."
q "The clouds are now making way for the moons to shine bright over the streets, and from behind, a shadow looms."
y simple"Hello?"
y worried"I-Is anybody there?"
...
th "Curious seeing you here, [name]."
q "For some reason you aren’t too surprised about who’s voice you’re hearing, as you turn around, to see the familiar stallion resting under a street lamp."
q "His eyes are looking down, saddened, and his greeting did not contain any of his usual flare or ostentatious accents."
q "Less noble, less graceful and more direct."
q "You’d describe his overall appearance here as...dull."
y sadsmile"Hey...Therium, I was just thinking about you."
q "He scoffs."
th "Course you were."
th "The only path you ever do."
y simple"I’m not sure I follow."
th "Never mind that, what brings you here? Thought you’d be dreaming by now."
y sadsmile"I just couldn’t sleep, needed some fresh air, a lot of thoughts in my head, especially after our...meeting."
th "Yes, I’ve heard you had a lot to say about that to your friends at dinner time."
q "Your face flushes embarrassedly as you recall the events."
th "These two days since we met were…"
y blush"Wonderful?"
th "Hell."
y simple"oh."
th "Because I just couldn’t bring myself to believe that I’ve completely fallen for you