."
y surprised"Oh!"
q "His words, their implication stuns you and roots you in place, your heart beats once again as fast as ever and sweat drips down your forehead."
y blush"I-I like you too..."
q "The stallion leaves his spot and walks closer to you, with a bored expression that turns into a soft frown."
q "He’s noticeably taller, especially once your knees start to give in to the pressure created."
q "His long front mane hangs close to your face and his snout directed straight towards you, eyes interlocked."
q "While your pupils were trembling and growing bigger, his were getting smaller, the fire in his eyes intensifying."
q "Something is...wrong here, but all your fantasies seem to be coming to life with that last statement of his, and you’re caught in a trance."
blur 10
th "You don't understand...I do not like you, not as much as the dirt between my claws."
th "But I love you more than life itself."
th "It is torture."
th "And I want this feeling to end."
yy "Love...me?"
q "His words should be a wake up call, an indication of this reality, but our leopard is too smitted by the moonlight reflected in his angry eyes."
q "One needs more than one working braincell to process those words."
th "You..."
yy "Is he..."
yy "Is he going to..."
yy "...do what I think he is?"
There is no point wishing for miracles now, what’s done is done.
But what if the happy moments of the present are the saddest ones? Is that normal?
His adoring eyes have not left mine, yet, these words hold true.
What thoughts do you hold behind them in this moment? Are you scared? Are you mortified? Are you apathetic? Or-
yy "Please, please, please...do it."
O'Lord, my Lord, what do you see in him so different from me?
Weaker than me, weaker than even my replacement.
Is it the same thing I see now? This irresistible desire?
If so, my rage might not be satiated, but I understand completely.
blur 20
yy "Finally!"
q"The moons hung low in the sky, casting a silvery glow over the secluded clearing where you two stand."
q "Abruptly, after a long lasting staring contest, the look in the stallion’s eyes softened."
q "A single, defeated tear pours down his cheek as the distance between you rapidly vanishes."
q "Your lips collide with a passion as raw and fierce as a tempest. It takes more than a moment for you to realize and accept that this is happening, but when you finally do, you melt on the spot."
q "His hands once hovering below your chin now grabbing hungrily at your fur tufts, pulling you closer with an urgency that left no room for doubt."
q "Your lips met in a kiss that was anything but gentle, a clash of desire as fiery as the heart of a star. It is a kiss born of long-denied longing, a maelstrom of feelings that had been simmering beneath the surface."
q "On your part fueled by lust, on his part by rage, which one’s better? You decide."
q "For now, what matters is the moonlight’s glow outlining your momentary sin."
q "What matters is tasting him, his mouth, his tongue, consuming any drop of this yearning."
q "You can feel that invading tongue do the same, making you shiver with delight."
q "Your body still feels paralyzed from his words, the kiss bringing in the antidote slowly."
q "As the initial blaze of your passion began to ebb, the kiss evolved. What started as a conflagration of need and desire slowly morphed into something deeper, more profound. "
q "The intensity that had fueled your violent union gave way to a tenderness as soft as the moonlight that bathed you."
q "Your movements became languid, exploratory, savoring each moment, each sensation. The ferocity that had ignited your kiss transformed into a gentle dance, lips caressing lips with a newfound reverence."
q "After what felt like an eternity of sweet heaven the warmth of his lips breaks away, making you long for more."
q "You open your eyes to a world softened by rose-tinted glasses, gazing at your partner whose half closed eyes shimmer with pleasure and a thin layer of liquid."
q "The thin bridge of saliva between your mouths holds still until it breaks from his words:"
th "I love you [name], and unfortunately not just in a lustful way, the heart’s way."
y blush"Nothing unfortunate here, I love you too."
q "Even though you’re bursting from excitement and anxiety saying those words, he is sadder still under the soft smile, but recovers quickly."
Th "Come to my dorm, right now."
y blush"Y-you’re being forward again, is this your usual quirky flirting or-"
th "No, I need you to spend the night with me, I’ll be as forward as I have to be, to test these feelings or lock them away forever."
y "I’m not gonna refuse, but why now? Heh, I mean, what can we possibly do in the middle of the night other than sleep? Haha….ha."
th "Allow me to make it clear then."
Th "[name], I want to be inside you, all night."
th "I want to hear you moan under me and make you scream my name."
Th "Because you trapped me, and now I’ve fallen in love."
Th "I know it’s sudden, unexpected and perhaps stupid, but you’re the one that did it, so take responsibility."
Th "Do you like me enough to accept this?"
q "The lust rush creeping in and the new circumstances are screaming YES in your mind, but the demon in there is whispering no…"
Th "Ignore the lust inside you, think of all the other emotions you have towards me, based on them, can you accept me?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Do I accept?
→ No.
→ Yes.
--- END CHOICES ---

y sadsmile"I already said I love you, and I mean it with all my heart, might as well show it with more than a kiss, huh?"
q "The stallion smiles brightly for the first time in a long time and grabs your hand firmly."
th "Then let’s get a move on."
y surprised"Lead the- Woah!"
q "The ground disappears from beneath your feet as he picks you up and holds you close."
th "The way? Yeah, I’m on it."
y ec"Glad you’re as excited as me."
th "Of course I am, after all, only I know the things I’ll do to you."
q "Face redness appears for the hundredth time today."
q "The wind and the hurried, heavy steps of your new partner are the only sounds occupying your ears, those, and the rapid beating of his heart near your ear."
q "He takes you through the illuminated streets until the fated building comes into view."
q "You think he’ll let you down, but he kicks the door open and runs up the stairs."
q "Even in front of his own door, he holds you with a hand under your tail using the other to unlock the room."
q "Only inside his bedroom, he finally throws you on the bed."
y smug"I’ve never been manhandled like that before, I...like it."
q "The room is dark, but the natural moonlight casts more than enough light to see all the important parts."
th "Where do you want to start, baby?"
y "I think clothes are the main things stopping us."
th "Then what are you waiting for?"
q "He comes closer grabbing you gently by the waist."
th "I'm all yours."
y pf"Umm, I wish, but I have no idea how to take that off."
th "Yeah, fair enough."
q "He quickly unlocks the pins across his torso and moves on to his pants."
th "Are you gonna follow through?"
y awkward"Oh, sorry, got a bit distracted."
q "You unbuckle your belt and slide off the pants first, then fumble awkwardly with the buttons of the shirt for a minute, all while having your eyes locked to every inch of skin that the stallion undresses as well."
q "Now only the white t-shirt remains, your eyes get covered by the soft fabric and when your vision comes back, you’re greeted by a new, exciting and arousing image."
q "Both of you are now only in underwear, a single piece of cloth standing in between you and your desires."
y nakedsmug"Looking...amazing over there."
q "Indeed, your mouth is almost salivating looking at his toned, muscular chest, his hard earned abs covered by pristine white fur, the athletic legs of a runner and arms of a fighter."
q "Summoner or Defender? What’s the difference when you have him on your team?"
q "Not to mention the bulge your eyes keep moving towards."
th "And you’re looking even better than I imagined, not that I had high expectations to begin with."
y nakedpf"What a passive-aggressive thing to say…"
y nakedsmug"I kinda like it."
q "Surprisingly, you make the first move this time, seeing him standing there, eating you up with his eyes, you decide to slide down your underwear, revealing your hardening cock beneath."
q "You sit back on the bed taking them off completely, and holding them up with one finger, teasingly."
q "The large bump in the stallion’s cloth gets visibly bigger and he follows through."
th "That was a daring thing to do."
th "Did I finally manage to break out of your shell?"
y "I hope you break more than my shell tonight."
y nakedss"But yes, very much so, thanks a lot for that."
th "You haven’t done this with anyone else before, have you, [name]?"
y nakedss"I...have, twice."
th "Oh, then excuse me, I took you as a virgin."
y nakedawkward"In your defense I was one up until yesterday."
q "He gives you a curious look."
y "Maybe I shouldn’t have said that."
th "Heh, don’t worry, I already knew, you’re not as sneaky as you think."
y nakedss"Of course you knew...I’m not sure if that’s a relief or if I should be worried."
th "Let’s just say that I’m happy I know you can handle larger things inside you with little to no preparation."
y nakedsimple"What do you-"
y nakedawkward"Umm, yeah, I mean, no,  I haven’t done it with anyone."
th "Then it might be a bit of a problem."
y "I know, I’m sorry, I’m super inexperienced."
y "I do own some toys if it means anything, I also practiced my hip movement a lot, I know that’s pretty import-"
th "No, no [name], your performance will not be an issue."
th "I’m just afraid you’ll have a hard time handling me."
y nakedsimple"What do you-"
y nakedss"I...have."
y "Once."
th "Aww, I was too late then, would’ve loved to be your first, but it’s probably for the best, at least now I know you might be able to take me."
y nakedsimple"What do you-"
blur 20
q "He slowly slides down his underwear, inch by inch, revealing his massive length until it all springs up in a final show of flair."
q "It takes you...multiple seconds to process what you’re seeing in front of you."
q "Thick, girthy, hard, heavy looking piece of stallion meat, dripping with precum."
q "The size alone made you think it must be some kind of joke, maybe a prank with a hidden dildo in his pants, but those theories are debunked in moments as you watch it throb with anticipation and leak precum."
th "What do you say?"
y nakedblush"I...I-"
y "Fuck...you’re a monster."
th "In more ways than one, I’ve been told that many times."
y "H-how big is it?"
th "Do billionaires count their every penny?"
th "It's long enough to fill you up, stretch you tight. It's thick enough to make you beg for mercy. It's big enough to pleasure you in any way you want and need."
q"His voice is low, almost threatening but seductive."
th "And right now, it's aching to be inside you."
y nakedblush3"Am I really supposed to fit all that?"
th "That’s what I was worried about as well, you decide, you are still the main attraction tonight."
th "But keep in mind, once you say yes...you’re all mine."
q "Your mind gets over the initial shock but keeps on buzzing, out of fear and excitement, can you really say no to that thing?"
q "Your own member is shivering as well, barely keeping in its elation, betraying your needs and wants."
q "At last, as the stallion awaits your response hungrily, you smirk."
y nakedsmug"Bold of you to assume a big dick will turn me away, in fact, it only makes me want you so much more."
q "Of course, nobody is surprised by the slut’s response, except for his partner, perhaps, but he accepts your compromise."
th "Those words make me happy, but I do hope your eyes are as big as your holes for this."
th "Now turn around for me, hands on the bed and relax."
y nakedsmug"Yes, sir."
q "You do as instructed, a little embarrassed to be so exposed, even if your legs are not fully spread."
y nakedss"We’re getting straight into action, huh?"
q "The intense heartbeat in your chest warms you up in the dark, yet, you can’t help but tremble as you smile back at him."
th "What a beautiful view."
q "He takes a second to savor this ‘view’, before kneeling down behind you."
q "Your tail coils up as his gentle hands grab your cock and rubs it slowly, before a soft, warm tongue presses against your hole."
y nakedhurt2"Oooh, we’re really getting into it fast."
q"The other hand placed on your bare ass cheeks. He massaged them vigorously with that one single hand, spreading them apart to reveal your tight hole for better reach."
q"His tongue darted out, tracing the crack of your ass, teasing the sensitive flesh between your cheeks."
th"Relax, you’re tensing up"
q "He growled, his breath hot against your skin."
y "Sorry, it just feels so warm but so...weird."
th "In a good way?"
y nakedsmug"Very good way."
th "Don’t worry, I’m going to make sure you're ready for me."
q "His tongue circled your tight hole, teasing it mercilessly, before he plunged inside you, his tongue probing deeply into your ass, stretching you open. His fingers take turns to stretch you as well, gently at first, until three whole fingers press against your prostate."
q "You moan with animalistic pleasure as his fingers twist and thrust inside, especially thinking of how much bigger his shaft is than three fingers."
q "After another minute of preparation and bliss, he stops, with a last kiss on your cheek he gets up."
q "{i}'This is it'{/i}, you think, {i}'I’m ready for him, I hope.'{/i}"
q "When you feel a tap on your shoulder."
th "Get up."
y nakedsimple"Huh?"
th "What? You don’t think I’ll put it in before you have a taste, right?"
q "He stands proudly in front of you and gestures to get on your knees."
y nakedss"Can’t believe I almost skipped this part."
th"Open your mouth."
q "He commanded, his deep voice holding an underlying note of authority. His cock twitched in anticipation, begging to be taken."
q "You place a hand on his thigh and another on the ground, touching your snout to his wet, dripping tip."
q "The smell is enticing but the length was still intimidating."
q "His belly looks so far away from your point of view."
q "After you’re done stalling for time with your sniffing, you finally hold your tongue out and lick around his cock head, before popping it into your mouth."
q "The horse groaned softly, his hips bucking slightly as your warm, wet mouth enveloped the head of his cock. Your tongue swirled around the head, teasing the sensitive flesh, while your hands gripped his thighs for support."
q" The sensation was unlike anything you've ever experienced, mostly because you never experimented with something of this size."
q "You try to go further, but after a few attempts you realize the head is all you can manage, sadly."
th "Something the matter?"
y nakedblow"Ughh-aghum, mhhm."
th "I completely understand, you need a helping hand or two."
y "Hehghi hahg?"
!
q "A pair of dark blue, floating hands are summoned near your face."
q "One positions itself on your shoulder and one behind your head."
th "Don’t worry, they’re here to make you realize your full potential, I know you can do it."
q "At that moment, the hands begin to push your head and body forward."
q "You protest only for the first inch or two, before realizing that...it does indeed go in easier than you thought."
q "Your jaw relaxes more as the stallion’s cock reaches halfway in, and then-"
q "The hands slam your head against the stallion's fur, his whole length going down your throat."
q "The summoned hands let you relax and adjust to the girth, then even pull out for a deep breath, before pushing back further than before."
q "The pressure in your throat makes you grateful for that breath."
q "Your partner enjoys watching you take it all with his hands on his hips, he’s certainly pleased with your performance, giving you a pet on the head while running his fingers through your hair."
th "You have such beautiful eyes, especially when you look up at me like that, so innocent...just knowing that your whole mouth is filled with my meat makes me want you more."
q "The cycle continues, the hands let you breathe again, only to push your snout against the horse’s crotch, but this time with a faster, more even pace, his cock moving in and out of your mouth, the grip of those hands tightening."
q "The sounds of you gagging and choking, as well as the wet slurps filled the room, the louder they get, the more your partner moaned and groaned."
th "That's it, suck me off, you’re doing so good."
q "He growled, his voice filled with desire."
q "For the grand finale, the hands push your head and hold it still at its maximum range, while he slams into your throat one last time, his cock pulsing with his impending release."
q "You’d like to say you’re swallowing every single drop, but it’s not really swallowing when everything is pumped directly down your stomach, is it?"
q "As he came, his juices filled your throat, a mix of his cum and your saliva. The only real taste you got was when he pulled out completely, his cock popping free with a soft slurp and the summoned hands disappearing."
q "Almost immediately a coughing fit rushes over you, and your partner kneels down next to you to slap your back."
th "Heh, you did great, I’m proud of you."
q "You put on a frown when you’re done and look at him disapprovingly."
y nakedbored"..."
th "What? Are you mad about the hands? Sorry, maybe I went a little-"
y nakedsimple"No no, I loved the hands, I loved everything."
th "Then why do you seem upset?"
y nakedpf"Well...I kind of wanted more, like, a lot more."
y nakedbored"Cumming in my mouth wasn’t bad, but I wish it was somewhere else…"
th "Oh."
th "But darling."
q "He holds your head close to his, cum dripping from your chin still."
th "This is only the beginning, we have the whole night ahead of us."
q "Those words sparked something in you, ignited your lust again, and there’s nothing powerful enough to get it out of you, except for a big, meaty horse cock."
q "And luckily there’s one perfect for the job right here."
y nakedsmug"Recovery time?"
th "About two minutes."
y "Amount of seed?"
th "As much as pumped down your throat just now, every time."
y "Fatigue?"
th "Not before yours sets in, that’s a promise."
y nakedsmug"Then what are we waiting for?"
blur 15
q "You jump back on the bed and resume a similar position to before, face down, ass up and ready."
q "Needless to say, this night will be one to remember…"
q "The stallion’s eyes lit up with pure animalistic desire as he saw your perfect ass presented to him."
q "His massive cock, still coated in a thin film of your saliva and now even fresh, slick cum."
q "He positions it against your tail and resting on your cheek, and with a devilish grin asks."
th "You want it?"
y nakedlust"What kind of question is that?"
th "I just want to hear you say it."
y nakedlust"Y-yes, I do."
th "You want what?"
y "Please fuck me, I want- no, I NEED your cock inside me, Therium!"
th "That’s more like it."
th "Now let’s see if the kitty is as good at taking dick as he is at swallowing it."
q"With a growl of lust, he rubs his shaft against your crack, then his cockhead presses against your tight hole."
q "He paused for a moment, savoring the anticipation before thrusting forward, his head breaching your tight entrance. You let out a sharp cry of pain mixed with pleasure as he slowly pushes himself deeper into your ass, stretching you wider than ever before."
q "Unlike the blowjob, this time you don’t get the privilege of taking it only halfway, balls deep or nothing."
y nakedlust"Ooh. My. GoOood."
th "That's it, take it all."
q "He growled, his voice husky with desire. He began to thrust in and out of your tight hole, his cockhead rubbing against your sweet spot with each powerful thrust. His hands gripped your hips, digging into your flesh, holding you steady as he claimed you completely."
q"Your eyes roll back in your head and your teeth are clenched enough that it feels like they’ll break."
q "You feel his heavy balls slap against your thighs and your insides being stretched more than any toy ever did so in the past."
y nakedhurt2"C-can you b-be a bit more gentle, p-please?"
q "Your voice shakes together with your body as his hips slam into you."
q "Like waking up from a trance, the horse’s expression softens and his movement slows down by a lot."
th "Sorry, I got a bit carried away, you’re just so fucking hot."
th "You know what?"
q "He slowly pulls out completely, leaving behind a well lubricated and needy hole."
y nakedsurprised"Hey! I still want it."
th "Heh, just turn around for me."
y nakedss"Like this?"
th "Yeah, that’s perfect."
th "Now I’ll see your pretty face better and know when to slow down, and in this position, it will be harder to fuck you balls deep."
y nakedss"That might be for the best."
q "Soon, most of the horse’s length was back inside you, your moans of pleasure now being right next to his ears, making him wild with lust, a controllable lust this time."
q "Your hole filled again with rhythmic thrusts, which move surprisingly smooth through your tight hole."
q "The night rages on, and with it, the sounds of flesh pounding and moans of pleasure fill the air."
q "Lucky that the apartment is so large, otherwise there would definitely be angry neighbors at the door, or maybe there already are, banging at it almost as hard as the horse’s cock bangs into you, but you won’t hear them against the sounds of rough sex."
q "After some time, he raises his body and holds your legs high."
th "Hey, eyes here buddy, wanna see something hot?"
y nakedlust"I’m seeing and feeling something hot right now."
th "Heh, even hotter than that."
th "Watch."
q "He points towards your belly, then, with a powerful thrust, fills you up with is cock enough that a bulge forms."
q "After the pathetic squeak you let out, you look at it satisfied."
y nakedblush"H-holy fuck, is that your dick?"
th "What else could it be?"
y nakedblush2"That’s...hot."
th "Told you."
q "He continues the show as you both watch the bump inside you grow larger and smaller with each movement, until finally, his second orgasm comes and your first."
q "You paint your own belly with hot cum while he fills your insides."
y nakedlust"It’s so warm inside me, and so much."
y "I - Ah- never thought this felt so good, I thought it was just- Ah...fun to watch."
th "I’ll take that as a compliment."
th "And an invitation to hurry up the pace."
y nakedlust"N-no- waAaAAH! Ah! Ah! AAH!"
y "OH GOood! YES!"
q "He was certainly not kidding when he said {i}‘all night’{/i}."
q "Many more positions and climaxes follow through, the lust, and, dare I say, romance is flying in the room."
q "Might also just be the scent of breeding that’s happening as we speak."
q "Hour after hour of restless pounding, a pair more desperate than an infertile couple longing for a child."
q "But at last, this couple slows down."
q "Their breaths heavy, movement sluggish and the stallion’s deep rams are no longer so powerful or uniform."
q "And for the first time since you started...you kiss."
q "Your partner kisses your lips, he kisses your ears, he kisses your neck before biting it."
q "Part of you thought he’s turning you into a vampire, but it’s probably just the delusion from lack of sleep and hours of being fucked."
q "This round is more intimate, the position chosen is more personal and tender and even the sounds are leaving some space for the long awaited peace and quiet."
q "There’s not much moaning or screaming going around when you’ve had a horse cock inside you for so long."
q "With a hearty, violent throb he cums once again inside the poor leopard’s ass, making him throw his head back in satisfaction."
q "The moons are shining brightly through the window, reflecting the light into the puddles of cum on the bed and on their bodies, and even the saliva around and in between their mouths."
q "The night’s cold breeze ruffles the curtains as well as your fur, but the heat of your sins is keeping you warm."
q "With a last, long lasting kiss on the lips, the stallion’s softening cock pulls out from inside him."
q "They both plop on the bed defeated, spooning each other and drifting off to sleep."
q "Should they clean up first? Probably. Did they do it all night? No, but dawn is not far, so I’d give them the credit."
q "Over all, they both seem to be happy about this ending, so I am too, even if it hurts."
pass
q "I also think I drifted off from a third party narrator into a more personal space, but hey, the author’s notes are important too, especially when the action is already done."
...
th "An Academy for hunting Nightfallen."
th "The last place I thought I’d find my place in."
h "So you accept your position?"
th "Heh, sure old man."
th "I love this place more than I ever thought I would."
h "A place to love and someone to love, two halves of a whole, and the meaning of life."
h "You’re one of the lucky ones to have completed half the puzzle already."
th "I have the other half as well already."
h "Oh? Who would that be?"
th "It's not really a person, and haven't even met him yet, but when I do, I’ll never leave his side."
Q "The sun shines brightly into your eyes and the birds chirp outside the window."
Q "You wake up from a deep slumber in a moist bed."
y nakedhurt2"Ughh, what time is- wait...moist?"
q "You touch the sheets and throw them off you immediately and run to the bathroom."
y nakedsurprised"EW!"
y nakedsurprised"What is that?"
y nakedsimple"Did I…"
un "No, you didn’t pee yourself."
y "Phew...then what?"
un "It’s semen."
y nakedpf"That feels even worse for some reason."
un "You swallowed like a gallon last night, there’s no way it’s worse."
y "You’re...right."
q "Memories of last night flow back and hit you like a truck."
y nakedss"Man, I really did all that, huh? I took him ALL in…"
y "I’m…"
un "A slut?"
y naked"An AWESOME slut."
un "You know what? I like the confidence."
y nakedhurt2"Ow, ow ow, God damn it."
un "It’s hard to walk, huh?"
y "Yeah, who would’ve thought having a ten inch-"
un "It was twelve."
y nakedblush"TWELVE?!"
y "Did you...measure it?"
un "I don’t need to, I have enough experience to figure this stuff out with feel alone."
y nakedbored"And I’m the slut?"
un "Well I’m proud to be one, you’re kind gets embarrassed about it."
y nakedbored"Touche."
y nakedsimple"Now...where is Therium?"
un "Maybe he’s making breakfast?"
y "What time is it?"
un "Clock on the nightstand said eleven thirty."
y nakedsurprised"Almost noon?!"
un "Well, you did have sex until dawn, almost."
y "True, but the battles start at noon, we have to hurry."
q "You run downstairs and find an empty apartment, but the sweet smell of maple syrup tickles your nose."
q "On the table in the main living room you find a stack of fluffy, still warm pancakes, drenched with syrup, butter and berries."
y nakedsimple"I am actually starving...but do I have the time?"
q "You decide to stuff your face with half a pancake you roughly cut with the fork lying near the plate."
q "Near that same plate you notice a piece of paper that you’ve mistaken for a napkin the first time your eyes laid on it."
y "A note perhaps?"
q "You unfold it and it reads:"
th "Apologies [name], I had to run early in the morning for some leader business, I hope you don’t mind a cold bed and cold breakfast-"
y nakedfood"{i}Mmf, the phancakesh are shomewhat warm shtill, but-{/i}"
un squint"Swallow before you talk, God damn, didn’t think I’d have to teach you that."
y naked"{i}*gulp*{/i} ahh, but the bed could’ve used some spare sheets before he left."
th "I’ll wait for you inside the arena, the balcony in front of the announcement tower."
th "And don’t worry about being late, just try to be there before 1PM."
th "I’m going to make all the necessary arrangements so don’t worry about a thing."
y nakedss"That is so sweet of him."
un eyeroll"Sweet as a lemon, that one."
y nakedpf"I wonder what he means by...arrangements."
y nakedsmug"There is just no way we can know."
un bored"It’s probably about the pair battles."
y "No way to know."
un "It’s pretty clear."
y "Not a clue."
un "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
un "Go take a shower, cum stain Joey."
y naked"Yes sir!"
th "Ha…"
th "Hahaha."
th "Of course."
Th "Of course not."
th "What did I even expect?"
Q "He attempts to leave, but you anticipated this reaction from him."
q "You grab him firmly and confidently, your frown deeper than his, which takes him by surprise."
Y worried"I do like you a lot."
y "And I mean a LOT."
Y sad"I want to spend more time with you, but there are too many worries on my mind to make such a decision in the middle of the night."
y "I don’t have TIME for a relationship or even one night stands."
q "For the first time, he smiles."
Q "He smiled before, but not like this."
Q "This one does not feel flirty, seductive, cold or fake, or sly, or mad."
Q "It’s a real smile."
Th "If you managed to say that through a lust rush then, I have to take your word for it."
y surprised"!"
Y "How do you-"
th "Being angry at you is truly...not the way to do this."
th "You’re right, there is no time to waste with romance or lust."
th "Goodbye, [name], for real this time."
y simple"Good...bye."
I stayed awake all night, trying to comprehend what he meant.
Why did he agree with me so suddenly? How did he know about my Lust Rush?
Scribbles is nowhere to be found in my mind, he must’ve buried himself deep.
Even his narration stopped.
I have to admit, having to word my own thoughts in my mind again feels a little weird now.
Yet another mystery….why? Where the hell are you Scribbles?
Morning rolls around unexpectedly.
When did I even fall asleep? Did I even fall asleep?
It's all kind of a blur.
But those battles aren't going to...battle themselves- fight, fight themselves.
I can barely thing...think.
y nakedsad"Well, I better get ready."
It is no longer a question of {i}'if'{/i}, just when and how…
That leopard will, as foreseen, never leave my mind, which is the worst outcome imaginable.
Since it happened despite the warnings, I might as well make sure nothing else goes south, which includes taking care of a certain lion.
h "Come in, Mr. [name2]."
h "You are-"
h "Here again...{i}*sigh*{/i} Why am I not surprised?"
th "You wanted to meet [name], I heard?"
h "Yes, I had some proposals and future opportunities that both he and his fellow recommended-"
th "I don’t care