Hmm.
I look over at Dallan, he is trying to keep an awkward smile on his face as one of the other leaders, a small...unidentified person is fuming under his chin.
ch "Haima, I’m sure he’ll have his paperwork done and ready for you in no time, like he always does."
ha "Chelsie, I know he’s your drinking buddy, but he’s making me greet and sign in new members ALONE!"
ha "I HATE FIRST YEARS!"
ha "They never know anything…outside of their names, and sometimes they even fuck THAT information up."
d "That’s the beauty of it, you have to guide them, take care of them and nurture their curious minds and...and-"
Haima’s death glare can be felt even by people that aren’t looking directly at them, like scorching needles on your skin.
d "I’ll shut up now."
Maybe approaching them is not the best at the moment.
un "Cool arm though."
I’d love to meet Chelsie in person, she reminds me of a certain cat I know.
Their conversation continues, with Chelsie now trying to reason with the small...fox...badger...wolf? For Aiden’s sake.
Speaking of Aiden - that man sure is fast - as my head pokes in the hallway to look after him, he’s already nowhere to be seen.
un eyeroll"He must be really scared of his leader, what a big striped pussy."
I doubt he ran away scared, since the whole reason they’re so upset is because he ran away without a warning in the first place.
I could try to run after him, maybe warn him about that Haima person.
Although I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about, if he managed to survive like this for years.
The tiger might not be seen in the hallway, but somebody else is…
Argus, the Headmaster of the Academy just rounded the corner, walking this way.
I close the door quickly but quietly.
Uhmm, what are the chances he’ll open this door, out of aaall the other doors?
un "The door to the room where most of the leaders and vice leaders are having an important meeting about academy life business, the Headmaster’s Academy?"
un bored"I’m sure he’s just here to use the bathroom."
Fuck fuck shit shit motherfuckin’ damn it.
un suspicious"Woah there, chill out Samuel, what’s gotten into you? Why are you panicking like a hamster in a microwave?"
Because I don’t belong here! They’re all important people while I’m a first year.
un "So? You’re allowed to be here, they said so."
That’s not the point, I stand out, he might want to talk to me, but I don’t want any more attention than I already got.
un bored"Oh right, you’re a socially insecure bitch."
un "Funny how you’re also narcissistic at the same time."
un squint"Who says the Headmaster would ever want to see your ugly ass?"
You...you might be right, on some points at least, there is nothing to worry about.
Uhmm, I’ll focus on something else, what is Tate up to?
Backing away and searching for the happy cat, I see that he’s not so happy after all.
He’s arguing with a gorgeous white fox, both wearing disappointed expressions.
Merina, the leader of the Sorcery Shard, for once no introductions are needed, since her mother is a very famous and prestigious hunter.
Just like Dallan, they’re discussing something I definitely don’t want to be a part of, especially when I heard HIM being mentioned.
m "I’m sorry Tate, the Headmaster should come by at any moment."
t "Can’t you just tell him that we’re all good and I’m done with my list and you love me and you’d do anything for me and I don’t need detention anymore because I’m a sweet little angel?"
m "You are…"
t "Stretching it beyond reasonable bounds?"
m "Precisely."
t "Damn it."
All this time, a shy, short mouse hides behind Merina, with books in hand, tightly held to his chest, trying to gather the courage to join the cat’s crazy brainstorming, but in the end decides to swallow his words.
Hmm...Dallan...Aiden...Tate…
!
Therium!
That’s it, I’ll start a conversation with The-
I look around the room for a handsome black and white horse…
But of course he’s not around to save me.
Maybe he went after Aiden in my stead.
All my failed plans and indecisiveness culminated to this point.
A large shadow covers the door’s transparent privacy windows, and the heavy, rhythmic footsteps that my thoughts were synchronized with halt.
With them, any arguing and conversations in the room suddenly stop as well.
Last resort plan activate!
I turn away from the door and stick my snout in my phone.
The door slides open and a figure walks in, and even while looking away I can tell his gaze passes over me at least twice while he scans the room.
y pf"Hmm, yes, these messages sure are interesting."
y "Oh! An important business notification? Yes, I must reply hastily, I sure don’t have time to converse with any other people, no matter how important they might be."
My whispered grumbles were ignored by most thanks to the thick new atmosphere.
d "Good afternoon, mister Argus!"
eve "Good afternoon, mister Argus."
Everyone gives a polite, but delayed greeting, Dallan being the first one, with a happy, excited tune in his voice, while the others follow him either reluctantly, or simply confused by the sudden silence.
y awkward1"G-good afternoon…"
Curiosity gets the better of me, as I raise my eyes to look at him.
Big mistake, for his eyes are locked with mine immediately, I dare say, I am the reason his own greeting was as late as it was.
I quickly return to my phone.
h"Good afternoon everyone."
Dallan seemed to really want to start a conversation with him, but he came here for a specific someone.
The Headmaster approaches Tate and Merina, making the already anxious and scared mouse retreat into Dallan’s arms, and I can’t blame him, the size comparison between the mouse and the lion is almost cartoonish.
I’m inclined to see what the unusual trio has to discuss, since Tate looks like he wants to bury himself six feet under just to escape whatever fate awaits him at the end of that conversation.
In the end, it seems like I’m not the person he was interested in.
I take this opportunity to sneak out. It’s fine, it’s not like I had anything else to do in that room anyway.
un bored"You really think you’re that special, huh?"
un "That the Headmaster of the Academy would come all the way over here just for you?"
Well, I am a recommended student.
un"We’ll need to work on your narcissism."
Look who’s talking, mister {i}‘powerful ancient demon whose powers nobody can resist.’{/i}
un suspicious"Hey! That’s true! I AM a powerful demon! Unstoppable even!"
y smug"Not so unstoppable if you got trapped in a crystal."
un ang"IT’S NOT- {i}*sigh*{/i}"
un bored"Just focus on your tiger."
un "You’re going in the wrong direction, if you haven’t noticed."
y simple"My... tiger?"
un "What’s his face? The grumpy, horny one, the one with a clear crush on you."
y "Aiden?"
y "I’m not looking for him...should I be?"
y "I just started walking because walking and thinking is how I clear my mind."
y blush2"And you really think he has... a crush?"
un curious"Huh? I thought that’s why you left."
un "You left the other two, so there is only one man you’ve been drooling over left."
un "Well, at least more so than literally all the other people we’ve come across."
un "Those three were just the ones giving you the most attention, I could’ve sworn your slut side would’ve come out by now."
y bored"You have a SURPRISINGLY bad opinion of me already."
un bored"I wouldn’t say {i}‘bad’{/i}, I’m very supportive of collecting bodies like there is no tomorrow, if you can do it, hey, more power to you."
un "But you just jumped at my crotch as soon as you saw me...twice, so what am I to assume?"
un surprised"Unless... you {b}{i}only{/i}{/b} like me-"
y bored"No."
un worried"HA!"
un "OF COURSE NOT!"
un "I am an all powerful demon! And you a stupid mortal! That is so stupid! You are stupid! I’m obviously joking!"
y bored"Are you done?"
un bored"Yeah."
un "So seriously, what’s the reason?"
y simple"It’s literally my first day, I don’t want to be suffocated by their needs, or to get in their way."
y sadsmile"Dallan is definitely nice, and very attractive, but he looks so busy and already suffocated by everyone else, I don’t think I should bother him."
y simple"Aiden is... complicated, I’m not in the mood for complications."
y "And don’t get me started with Tate’s list, he has his hands full with the Headmaster and I don't want to cross paths with him, unless he wants to praise me or something."
y "They are definitely nice, but I don’t want to bother them, I’m not as interesting or special as they might assume."
un simple"I see…"
Un "So what now?"
y "I think we should find Therium, it’s better than roaming the halls anyway."
un worried"W-why?"
un "Why him?"
un suspicious"Don’t tell me you left the three idiots to get some horse cock."
un "And just when I thought-"
y surprised"What? No! That is, once again, the wrong reason!"
y "There is nothing lewd on my mind."
un bored"There is always something lewd on your mind, I checked."
y pf"Ok, there are LESS lewd things at this moment."
un suspicious"Then what would you possibly want from that guy?"
un "He’s a vice leader, an important position just like those other two idiots, so it contradicts your earlier reasoning."
y simple"Yeah, when it comes to Therium I need him to have an important position this time, after all, he has to help me sign into the Summoner’s Shard."
un bored"Well, sure but-"
un simple"Hold up."
un surprised"You’re signing to be a summoner?"
un simple"That is not the decision you took months ago."
un "Your memories clearly show other interests."
un "Don’t you wanna pursue those?"
I slow my pace as we enter a slightly different kind of hallway, a transitional lounge, to put it simply.
Before answering, I lower my tail, and take a seat on the large, soft, cushioned windowsill.
A place to rest with a great view of the main Academy path.
Perfect for thoughts, perfect to talk.
I let out a long sigh, with closed eyes.
y sadsmile"…"
y "I’m glad you care about my wishes, Scribbles."
y sad"You’re right, I don’t want to get all up in his business, but…"
y sadsmile"I do need to talk to him if I am to join the Summoners Shard."
un worried"Why…?"
y simple"Well, I haven’t met their leader yet, so Therium would be the next-"
un simple"No no, I mean, why are you changing your plans all of a sudden?"
y "In order to honor our agreement, I thought joining the one Shard that will allow me to summon you faster is the best, don’t you think?"
un "Yeah but…"
un bored"Oh I get it, I suppose I’ll remind you, don’t wanna be that much of an asshole."
un "Our agreement said nothing about you HAVING to join that Shard, even if it would’ve been a good idea to include that from the start."
y "I know."
un simple"You... know?"
y s"We had a deal."
y "I’m not sure what your demon mind thinks a deal is, but for me, it’s something important."
y smug"Besides, it’s not like I’m sacrificing that much for you."
y sadsmile"I never thought I’d be a summoner simply because I didn’t think I’d be good at it, not because I didn’t want to."
y "Now I actually have an incentive."
un squint"Hmm..."
un bored"Fuck you."
y worried"Wha-?! Derogatory? Why?"
un eyeroll"I don't know, you were getting a little too sentimental and cheesy with all those words, thought I'd balance it out."
y smug"You will learn to love, I believe in you, or you can watch me fall in love, I already have some candidates in mind."
un squint"Bleh."
un "If that love comes with an emotional baggage as big and heavy as yours, I'll pass, don't want to develop back pain at this youthful age."
y pf "Hmmm..."
y pf"Baggage... bag..."
y worried"Oh shoot! My bags!"
y "I knew my hands felt too empty."
y "I left them in the meeting room."
y "I hope there are still people in there."
y "Actually, screw that, I just hope the Headmaster isn't there of all things."
un simple"Let’s go and find out."
I walk-
un bored"You walk along the well illuminated corridor, last hints of the summer air lightly caresses our fur."
huh?
un "Each step echoing through the empty space, eyes focused on the floor in front with a hint of confusion in them as you make your way to the established-"
y simple"What are you doing?"
un simple"What?"
un "Me?"
A smile crosses my face, and I walk backwards to our previous spot.
Perfect place for conversations.
y smug"Yeah, you’re... narrating my thoughts in second person."
un sidee"Shit… I thought I was deep inside to not be heard."
Un ang"Just shut up! It was nothing."
Un "You were imagining it!"
un pride"Wouldn’t surprise me with all the shit I see in this rotten brain of yours."
un "I’m surprised it is not completely empty."
y bored"Quit your excuses."
Y simple"I’m not complaining, I’m genuinely curious."
y s"Do you do that often?"
Un worried"Well if you must know I-"
un "No, I don’t do it often and certainly didn’t do it before."
un "I just wanted to see if it’s fun."
y simple"If it’s fun?"
un sidee"You’re constantly doing it, I’ve met very few people with these kinds of thoughts inside their noggin'."
un "One of my…"
un "My acquaintances were kind of like that in the past."
un "That made them a great writer and even better conversationalist."
Un "Most of the others were mentally ill, and I’m not being mean or sarcastic when I say that."
un "As weird as you are, you seem somewhat...normal, average, plain."
y pf"Is that a compliment or…"
un "So maybe you were doing it because it’s fun, I thought."
un "Since you don't seem too interested in writing, only reading."
Un suspicious"Now that you caught me, happy with the explanation? Weirdo?"
y s"That depends."
y "What’s the verdict?"
un simple"What?"
y "What do you think? Is it fun?"
un "…"
un sidee"I…"
un "I haven’t been able to practice much… the further I am in your mind the more blurred the outside world is, so I don’t know what to narrate when I’m in there…"
un "I tried to come closer to see properly, but you ended up hearing me."
un "But so far… it’s entertaining, in a strange way."
un "Plus not having any feedback from any source certainly doesn't make me improve..."
un "I digress."
un bored"Don’t worry, I’ll shut up now, no need for my own vessel to tell me that."
y worried"No no, don’t."
un simple"No?"
un curious"Why? So you have a personal jester making you laugh every minute of the day? Hgmf!"
un "No thank you."
y s"I didn’t laugh when you first said it, did I?"
y "I think it is cool that you found a hobby inside my mind, it’s cute."
un ang"Wha-I-Well I never! I am a demon of lust! I’m not cute! You’re cute! NO!"
Un "FUCK!"
y sadsmile"Hey, it’s ok."
Y "Fine, you’re not cute, but you don’t have to hide from me."
Y "It would be very hypocritical of me to laugh at you for doing exactly what I do on a daily basis."
un sidee"It really would be."
un "So you’re saying… I should continue to practice?"
y ec"Better, you can take my place!"
Un surprised"What do you mean?"
un "Become the voice inside your head? The LITERAL voice inside your head?"
y "I’ll be honest, a break sounds nice."
y simple"Especially now, I’m beginning to get overstimulated in this new place, with new people, new scenarios I've never been in."
y "In every situation I have to think and turn all of my senses into words, visual, auditory, all that stuff."
y sadsmile"It can be a bit distracting at times, especially if my anxiety is cranked up when social situations come around."
Un sidee"I guess I can try…"
un pride"If you can’t stop begging me to do it, it’s kind of embarrassing for you."
y smug"Yes, I beg you sooo much, please continue."
Un sidee"…"
un simple"Why do you do it?"
un "You know… outside of the fact that it might theoretically be fun."
Y simple"Hmm, good question."
Y "It could be a way to help me focus on the present, so my mind doesn’t fly around."
Y "Maybe it’s some old trauma, who knows?"
un bored"Sounds like you should know…"
y smug"Ha! That would mean going to therapy, and I am not going back there."
un "Back?- actually, nevermind."
un sidee"If you say it’s alright… then I guess I’ll continue."
un suspicious"But one comment from you and I’m going back to my previous role."
Y smug"The only comments you’ll hear from me are sarcastic, mean ones, to make up for the lack of them from a previous demon inside my head."
Un "I accept your compromise."
un "Where do I even begin?"
y s"How do all stories begin?"
un simple"…"
un pride"{i}*theoretical deep breath*{/i}"
q "It is a nice, sunny afternoon."
q "Summer just ended, but Autumn hasn’t shown up yet, judging by the bright rays of sunlight reflected in the window."
y s"Pretty good so far."
q "The leopard takes out his magic pocket box, lazily switching between different colored screens, finding entertainment in the most mundane things."
y bored"It’s called a phone, and it’s not mundane..."
q "He delivers the information with confidence and annoyance, but forgets the crucial question of ‘Who asked?’"
y pf"Ok…"
q "You look out the window to your right, the blue sky, the green trees and cream colored pavement stand undisturbed by people."
q "No students, teachers or any kind of bystanders in sight to disturb the scenery."
q "You feel relaxed, for once your thoughts are being taken care of without an effort on your part."
q "For once, your worries are getting pushed aside."
y surprised"What the-"
q "All worries...except for something, or someone outside."
q "A cloaked figure stands in the middle of the campus road, looking directly at you."
q "Its silhouette bending light itself around it as if reality refuses to let it exist in front of your eyes."
q "You blink rapidly a couple of times, rubbing your eyes once to be sure and…"
q "Everything is back to normal."
y worried"Where did it come from? And where did it go?"
un "Cotton eye Joe…"
y pf"Not the time and not the place…"
y worried"Did you see that figure?"
un bored"No."
y "Are you sure? Because-"
un"Yep, pretty sure."
un"You’re the only one crazy enough to think you saw a cloaked figure watching you from outside all the way up here."
un "And it disappeared that fast without a trace? Almost as fast as it appeared?"
un "You’re just going insane."
y simple"I guess you’re r-"
y pf"Wait…"
y angry"YOU SAW IT!"
un ang"OF COURSE I SAW IT YOU DUMBASS, WE HAVE THE SAME EYES!"
Y "THEN HOW COME YOU’RE ON MY KNEE?!"
Un "THAT’S ONLY IN YOUR MIND, I’M NOT ACTUALLY THERE!"
Un "MAYBE IF YOU WERE LESS MENTALLY ILL YOU’D REALIZE THAT FASTER!"
Y scream"I AM NOT MENTALLY ILL! NOT OFFICIALLY AT LEAST!"
y "THAT GUY FREAKED ME OUT!"
un cry"ME TOO, BITCH!"
y "YOU TOO?!"
un "YEAH! IT’S CREEPY AS SHIT! IT LOOKED DIRECTLY AT YOU!"
y "AT ME?! AT US!"
un "DON’T DRAG ME INTO YOUR HORROR STORY!"
y "THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, YOU SCAREDY DEMON!"
un "WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?!"
y scream"I DON’T KNOW, JUST-"
al "..."
un sidee"uhhhh…"
q "A scared looking Border Collie stands in front of you...and has probably been there for some time now."
y simple"…"
y "Hi."
y sadsmile"How...how long have you been there for?"
al "…"
q "He starts to back away, slooowly."
y awkward"I don’t usually do this...I swear."
q"With a last step backwards, he turns around and starts to sprint down the hall."
y worried"AH! Wait! Please!"
q "You run now as well, at a pathetically low speed."
y angry"I don’t want to scare him ok?!"
Un ang"BUT HE HEARD US!"
Un "YOU GOTTA KILL HIM!"
Y "I’M NOT GONNA KILL HIM! STOP SUGGESTING I KILL PEOPLE!"
His legs pick up speed.
y scream"WHY DO I KEEP TALKING OUT LOUD?!"
y "I’M NOT CRAZY I SWEAR!"
y "COME BACK!"
y "I HAVE TO EXPLAIN MYSELF!"
Scribbles! Narrate the chase!
un surprised"Ah! Right!"
un "U-uhm."
q "The new arrival runs past as you chase him, screaming with mad determination."
y "I AM PERFECTLY REASONABLE IN MY ACTIONS!"
q "You round multiple hallways, almost slipping a couple of times as the dog’s getting desperate."
q "Sweat starts to drip on your forehead since this is obviously the most exercise you did in the past couple of months at least."
q "It almost seems like you’re going in circles as the stranger tries to break your vision with each corner, until finally…"
y tired"{i}*huff huff*{/i}"
y "What the-"
y worried"Where is he?"
q "You ask in a demanding but out of breath tone."
un simple"I have no idea, I don’t sense anyone else around."
q "We stand in front of a wall, a dead end."
q "Our running in circles finally concluded with this anti-climatic and mysterious outcome."
y simple"Maybe he teleported?"
y "Or phased through the wall?"
y surprised"Oh! Secret passage?"
un suspicious"Stop guessing, everything you say is wrong."
un "I did not sense any magic either, so no spells here."
y pf"But it could be a secret passage…"
un bored"If it quenches your thirst for dark academia fantasy adventures then sure, he might’ve used a secret passage."
y "I will..."
y "Not stay here and try to find a secret lever or button…"
y bored"I'm better than this."
un "Your mind says you really want to find a secret lever or button."
y sadsmile"I really do!"
un eyeroll"{i}*ughh*{/i} Just make it quick."
y ec"Yay!"
q "You spend the next couple of minutes caressing the wall gently...almost seductively slow, looking for pressure plates and soft spots."
q "Probing each weird line on the wall’s design and knocking in each corner for hollow places."
q "Your little investigation turned futile."
y bored"Damn it."
y "And here I thought something interesting would happen for once in my life."
un eyeroll"Oh {b}I’M SORRY!{/b}"
un "A whole ass Demon possessing you is not considered {i}‘interesting’{/i} these days?"
un suspicious"Call me crazy, but I have a slight feeling I might be under appreciated in this relationship."
un squint"Little punk…"
y sadsmile"Sorry Scribbles, didn’t mean to say you’re old and boring-"
un ang"WHO THE FUCK SAID ANYTHING ABOUT {b}OLD{/b}?!"
y "But in all honesty, I kind of got used to your presence already, so this just feels...natural, somehow."
y "Considering all the dreams you appeared in."
un simple"oh…"
un sidee"Well, glad I make you so...comfortable?"
un "That might excuse being forgotten, but don’t let me catch you forgetting about me, m’key?"
y ec"You got it."
y simple"And about the dog, Alvy was his name, I think, if I remember correctly from the gathering."
y "I hope he doesn’t tell anyone anything."
y "You know, about us, or me in particular."
un bored"I doubt a stranger would go around yelling about how he saw some random guy talking to himself..."
y "You’re probably right, still, I might want to meet him later."
y "At least to apologize for scaring him."
un curious"Why?"
un "You were minding your own business, not hurting anyone."
un "It’s his fault for being a scaredy bitch."
y "No matter if it is my fault or not, the matter of fact is that he was distressed because of me, so I don’t HAVE to apologize, but the nice thing to do would be just that."
un bored"What I’m hearing is {i}‘I need everyone to like me and if they don’t I’m gonna kill myself.’{/i}"
y confused"Who are you? My therapist?"
y bored"And that last part was excessive…"
y "Let the record show I would never kill myself. I'd never let my enemies win this easily."
un "You got enemies?"
y "My sister can be cruel."
un "Siblings...I get that."
y simple"Do...you have siblings?"
un "Eh, in a way."
y "That's-"
y bored"Great...all that running and talking made me hungry."
y "And I also need to use the bathroom."
un simple"I believe we passed one a hallway or two ago."
y smug"Amazing, Scribbles being useful? Couldn’t even imagine."
q "The wise, powerful demon inside the leopard’s head ignores the harsh AND inaccurate comments, for he will have his revenge."
y pf"What was that about revenge?"
un bored"Nothing."
y "Hhmm..."
q "You let the statement slide for now, as you make your way through the hallway again, until a door marked with the male symbol passes your eyes."
y s"Easier than I thought."
q "You open the door which echoes through the eerily quiet place."
q "All but your lone footsteps in an empty room, even your breathing is clear enough to reach your ears."
q "You stop in front of the mirror and check your picture perfect face and symmetric gray spots."
y blush"Aww, you think I’m cute?"
un bored"That’s what your mind says, I’m often reading what you’re thinking to make my narration more accurate."
y smug"Then I’ll answer myself, yes, I’m cute."
un "Debatable."
q "You look in the mirror some more, scanning for imperfections in the fur and haircut."
q "You continue to check yourself…"
q "Now you’re just thinking about pasta while checking your teeth-"
un suspicious"Seriously, what the fuck are you doing? Go to the bathroom and let’s get a move on, there is a creepy guy on the loose, you know, aside from you…"
y worried"I-"
y "I feel weird going."
un bored"Explain. Now."
y "You can feel anything I feel! And see everything I see."
un curious"So?"
un "You’re at a sex school or whatever this is supposed to be! I’m gonna see and feel you getting laid dozens of times!"
q "Upon hearing the words {i}‘dozen’{/i} and {i}‘laid’{/i} your mind goes numb for a second, before excitement takes over."
y blush"You really think-"
un suspicious"I don’t know! Maybe more, maybe less, but you can’t feel embarrassed around me!"
un "I’ve seen stuff your mortal mind wouldn’t survive experiencing."
y simple"You’re-"
y determined"Yes, you’re right, I mean, when I do get to have a big, sweaty man pinning me down and… and drilling me into tomorrow I can’t feel embarrassed."
un bored"I mean, the details were definitely not called for but glad you found your peace so quick."
y sadsmile"Yeah…"
un "…"
y "…"
un curious"So?"
y simple"So…"
un ang"WHAT’S THE HOLD UP NOW?!"
y pf"I’m… hard."
un bored"…"
y simple"Can’t go until it goes down…"
y blush"Unless you have any ideas of how I could get rid of it faster?"
y "A little incentive could help..."
un bored"…"
un "Dying babies."
y simple"Huh?"
un "Injured abandoned puppies."
y angry"What the hell are you saying?"
un "I’m getting rid of your erection."
un "Your mom kissing your sister on the mouth."
y scream"EW! WHAT THE FUCK?! Where did you get the mental image for that?!"
un "I made it up. Why? Is it not accurate?"
y angry"IT’S TOO ACCURATE!"
y worried"I thought you were going to suggest something...else to solve the problem."
un "I’m not playing into your romance cliches, but I did still solve it effectively, didn’t I?"
y pf"I guess…"
un "Do I need to continue?"
y angry"NO THANKS!"
un tease"You’re welcome!"
q "With some final grumbles and frowns, at last, you open one of the stall doors and get inside."
q "Even after our conversation, your heart still beats fast after unzipping your pants."
q "The soft, hefty meat rests in your fingers waiting-"
y bored"I really don’t need you to narrate this part…"
un bored"Sure, if you want to skip the best part."
un "Let’s see."
q "The ceiling."
q "You count four distinct tiles, each slightly dirty, with hints of chemical products on them."
q "Clearly someone tries to clean on the regular, but fails for whatever reason."
q "The stall walls themselves are nice and high, you’d need to be nine feet tall or on top of the toilet to look over, but the large, covered off glory holes are at just the right height."
q "Ah yes, and who could forget the plague doctor masked individual looking over at you."
y simple"The wut?"
y "…"
st "…"
un "…"
y "One sec please."
q "You finish your business in the next moments and zip your pants back up, while looking the stranger in the eye...holes."
y s"Okay I’m ready."
y scream"{size=*2}AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!{/size}" with hpunch
un cry"{size=*2}AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!{/size}" with hpunch
q "You push the door open slamming it hard in the process."
y "I DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU WANT BUT YOU BETTER STAY AWAY FROM ME FREAK!"
un "DO YOU JUST HAVE THE CHASE SEQUENCE MUSIC UP AT THE READY IN THIS NOGGIN' OF YOURS?!"
y "IT'S AUTOMATIC!"
un "FUCK ME!"
y "SHUT UP AND NARRATE!"
q "Leaving out the fact you just used the women's bathroom-"
Damn it...why is it blue?
q "It is surely just a coincidence that the anonymous, creepy person keeps appearing in and out of your field of vision even when there are basically zero people around."
q "You pick a random direction and run, finally realizing how the dog must’ve felt earlier."
y "SCRIBBLES IS HE CHASING?!"
un "I DON’T KNOW I SEE WHAT YOU SEE!"
q "Without taking the risk to turn around, you decide to take the safe route and use some spells."
y "SPEED ENCHANTMENT SPEED ENCHANTMENT SPEED ENCHANTMENT!"
un "Don’t overdo it you idiot! It won’t matter how fast you are if you drain all your magic and can’t run!"
q "The foolish feline stops pumping himself with more spells, but does not stop accelerating."
y worried"Oh God, oh God, I think I messed up."
q "You zooms through the hallway, now looking very different from the one a minute ago."
un ang"Just stop raising your legs so far up and start to slow down!"
q "He listens to the demon’s advice to some extent, starting to lose some speed, although the door that starts to open in front of him has something to say about his race."
h "Well, Therium, in that case I’ll simply wish you good luck."
q "You try to dodge the incoming obstacle and the figures walking out, successfully so at first, but the sudden movement makes you stumble clumsily."
y worried"AAH!"
q "The ground comes closer to your snout as your life flashes before your eyes, although, for some reason, most of it is obscured in fog."
th "Oops, got you."
q "One of the people coming out catches you in their arms, a pair of big, meaty pecs meeting your face instead of the foretold ground."
q "The impact, although minimized, still had both of you fall to the ground, just with more dignity."
un "There, you got your big man to sit on top of you and pin you down, destiny smiles in your favor."
th "Almost got ourselves another infirmary patient in a coma, wouldn't want another Monty incident."
q "You take a second to regain your senses from the adrenaline, before looking up at the horse above you, turning red."
q "Then blushing even more seeing the amused but confused lion behind him."
th "Are you alright?"
y awkward"Y-yeah, I am, thanks to you."
q "He offers you a hand and lifts you up with ease, dusting his hands and clothes off."
th "What a surprise, [name]."
Th "I thought I’d be the one to have to find you first