.
Memories of our encounter earlier today flow back, the same emotions, same darkness, same scenario.
Even in a dream, the heat of his scales warms my fingertips as we get closer.
Closer…
Closer…..
unn"!"
A crack appears in the forever darkness.
The light sipping through traces the outline of our hands, fingers phasing through one another.
y simple"I guess we really can’t touch."
unn "You have to get out."
y surprised"Huh? Why? What’s wrong? Is the light bad? It’s just a dream."
unn "Please, just…"
unn "This isn’t your mind." with longdissolve
pass
y surprised"!"
y "Scribbles!"
un bored"Sup?"
y angry"Don’t {i}'sup'{/i} me, explain yourself."
un "What dream?"
y "Don't gaslight me! You know very well what dream, so start talking."
un "I don’t want to."
y bored"Just like that? That’s your final answer."
un suspicious"Why do you feel entitled to every truth in the universe? Just. Drop. It."
y angry"You are SO!-"
y bored"Aghh, I won't get far arguing with someone with no body."
y "Fine, since you're so grumpy all of a sudden, I'll drop it, but only for the time being."
y "Because for now, I have other things to worry about."
y simple"Like where Therium is…"
unn "You turn your attention towards the empty side of the bed, wrinkled sheets hinting someone slept there, and the still warm spot that the person only got up not long ago."
y blush"I can’t believe we slept in the same bed…"
un "But different blankets."
y smug"Still."
y "Like if Therium woke up yet or not."
y "I should go check, and maybe wake him up if he hasn't yet."
pass
q"You look down at your semi naked self, noticing the erection forming out of nowhere."
y smug"Eh, just morning wood, thankfully no magic lust or anything."
y "I can ignore that for now."
q"You get some of the clothes from the luggage that of course is with you and has always been with you except for the times it wasn’t. Don’t think too much about it, you’re just thankful it is here now."
q"You get dressed with the same ol’ clothes as ever, jeans, shirt and tie."
y "Why change perfection?"
q"You walk out the door and down the hallway, looking around at the few paintings and potted plants on the way."
q"Feet stomping and pots clinging can be heard from down below."
y simple"Guess that’s him, I hope he didn’t wake up earlier just for me…"
blur 20
q"You slowly descend down the stairs, the kitchen coming into view as soon as the last few steps are passed."
th "Good morning, early bug."
y sadsmile"H-hi."
q"The stallion woke up earlier and already showered, judging by the glistening fur and lustrous hair, almost shining in the morning sun rays, bent over the stove with a wooden spatula in hand."
q"An apron and underwear is all he’s wearing, a detail that is very relevant at the moment."
q"Remember when you didn’t have any unnatural lust inside you?"
q"Well, turns out seeing an almost naked, hung horse in front of you quickly changes your emotions."
q"You start bleeding."
I start to what?
th "Hey, your nose."
Fuck.
y bleed"O-oh, oops, I...uhm, hit myself...in my sleep."
th "Let me help-"
y "No no! It’s fine, it will go away in a sec, I’ll go shower."
th "Alright."
th "There are some medical supplies in the cabinet there if you need any."
y "I’ll be fine! Not the first nose bleed, not the last, haha."
un bored"Not around him, at least."
Damn it Scribbles, this effect is so strong that it literally makes me bleed?
I thought nose bleeds only happened in cartoons.
un "It’s only strong if the lust rush comes right as something hot happens in front of you."
un "Who knew you’d drool so hard over some exposed skin."
un "Or was it the male-wife behavior that turned you on like that?"
nu"Nice ass."
th "Again?"
th "Do you have nothing better to do?"
th "Or better conversation starters?..."
th "Did you even leave my dorm last night?"
nu "Too many questions, too early in the morning."
th "Just make it fast, before he’s done."
nu"The other two are looking for him."
th "And what am I supposed to do about that?"
nu"I’m just bringing the news, not the solutions."
nu "It’s on you to figure it out."
nu "Of course they’re looking for the other one too, but I doubt you care about him much."
th "I have no reason to care."
nu "Technically you do care, just in the opposite way…as in, you don’t like him one bit."
th "I told you before, once [name] came in, he became irrelevant to me, just apathy."
nu "And I’m saying you’re lying."
nu "You almost vomited while being in the same room as him."
th "Do you have anything important to say or can I throw you out the window now?"
nu "Sheesh, I’m going, Rudy McRudeness…"
nu "But remember, no attachments, for your own sake."
th "..."
nu "Adios."
q"The water washes away the last few drops of blood while your second erection of the morning stands up proud."
y nakedbored"It’s not funny."
un "I never implied it was."
y "Damn it, what do I do with this?"
un curious"Uhmm, do you have no hands? Or is a dick in your ass an absolute must for you to cum?"
y nakedsad"It’s...kind of embarrassing to do it here, and maybe even disrespectful?"
un bored"Blood or semen down the drain, what’s the difference?"
un "It’s a lust rush for crying out loud, I can feel how it literally hurts you, just get rid of it."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Ignore it for now.
→ Let me think of something.
--- END CHOICES ---

q "The unfamiliar shower surprises you with ice cold and scalding hot water, changing the temperature respectively at the slightest touch."
y naked"I already miss my own shower."
y "At least Therium's shampoo smells nice, I'll need to remember the brand."
q "You step out, dry your fur as much as possible and get dressed right then and there."
q "You feel refreshed and satisfied, today is a good fur day."
q "The horse waits for you in the living room, with two plates on the table and a now clothed body, greeting you with a smile, the smile he’s been throwing towards you since the moment you two met."
th "Sit down and enjoy, we have lots of things to discuss."
q "You do as he says, your mouth almost watering at the sight in front of you, was it a reaction for the food or the man? We shall never know."
q "The plate does not hold anything too special, eggs and some kind of fatty protein with lightly charred tomato slices and some toast, but it is the presentation that is so striking."
q "Immaculate, unbroken and evenly cooked eggs, with an almost mathematical distribution of black pepper on its surface, each ingredient spaced out, yet gently touching each other’s edges."
q "The taste, as well, holds a curious natural distinction, where the flavor comes from no spice you can name from the top of your tongue."
q "This simple creation might’ve captured the narrator’s attention more than yours, but still, one descriptive word escapes your full mouth nonetheless."
y food"Delicious!"
y "Again, as expected from the master chef himself."
th "I had a feeling you’d say that."
y smug"Those exact words?"
th "Would you believe me if I said yes?"
y "I am quite predictable."
th "Then yes, those exact words."
y surprised"Wow!"
th "Heh, but really, this time I can actually believe you, I’m almost forced to master breakfast items, since you know, no free breakfast cards."
y pf"I’ll have to get down to the bottom of this breakfast scam mystery."
th "Good luck with that, you’ll probably have the support of at least half the academy."
y s"You mentioned something about...discussing things?"
th "Right, that."
th "So first off, the auditions start at noon, keep that in mind in case I’m not around."
th "I’ll be part of the judges, so don’t expect me to be too harsh, not for now, at least."
q"He winks."
y blush"W-why so?"
th "I know what you’re capable of, no matter what you do out there."
th "You might not be very talented but you definitely have what it takes, it’s understandable you’d be chosen."
th "To enter the Shard, that is."
y simple"Great?"
q "You’re not quite sure if what he said was a compliment or not, but it was the truth, that’s for sure."
y s"Alright, so noon and I don’t have to worry much, that’s nice."
th "Now, to more important matters..."
th "What do you want to do until then?"
y simple"Uhmm."
y s"I still haven’t seen my dorm, that might be a good place to start my day."
th "Oh goodness, I’m probably to blame for that, let's go then."
y surprised"Like, right this moment? -Ah!"
q "You stuff a last morsel of food in your mouth as the excited stallion brings your luggage from your room, barely managing to grab your bag of essentials with you as he drags you along."
y sadsmile"Let me help with that, it’s my luggage after all."
th "We stay in different dorms, but yours is pretty close so it’s fine, it’s not like it’s that heavy, these muscles aren’t just for show."
y blush"I can tell that much."
y ec"To dorm building number three we go!"
q "The walk is peaceful and quiet, being so early in the morning it seems like the townsfolk like to start the day slow."
q "Few shop owners wave at you two as they sweep the front of their establishment, getting ready to open for the day."
y s"People are friendly around here."
th "Isn’t that what the whole nation prides itself in? Happy, kind and satisfied people."
y pf"There are nasty people everywhere, they’re like cockroaches, appearing out of nowhere, some of them can even fly."
th "That I can’t argue against, but I do have to admit that this place is unique, those roaches haven’t crossed my path much since I came here."
y "Same with me actually, but I literally got here yesterday so it’s not telling much."
q "Continuing with your ethics mumbling, you don’t realize you arrived at your destination, and almost pass the building."
y simple"Oh oops, isn’t that it? Dorm three?"
th "It is, we got here faster than expected."
th "Or maybe it’s the beautiful scenery that took my attention."
y "Haven’t you seen these rounds hundreds of times?"
th "Wasn’t talking about that scenery."
y "oh…"
y blush2"OH!"
y blush"Heh, I-I get it, uhmm, let’s go inside."
th "After you."
q "The inside of the building looks almost exactly the same as the previous one."
q "The students living in it put their own little spin and items through the hallways, overall the architectural structure is similar."
q "While ascending from floor to floor you just can’t keep those anxious thoughts away, ‘I shouldn’t be making him carry my stuff all the way up.’, ‘should I offer to help?’ ‘Am I an awful person that deserves to die alone?’"
q "All while the horse clearly doesn’t break a sweat and is not bothered by the insignificant weight."
un suspicious"Seriously, relax, you and your noodle arms won’t help much anyway."
Hey! I have strength enchantments...but you’re right, asking if he needs help would be like asking the ocean if it’s thirsty.
q "At last, you arrive in front of your door, double checking just in case you’re mistaken, then use the keycard to open it."
Y s"Well, here we are."
q "You hold the door open with an inviting gesture."
Y ec"Here is my personal little hole."
y pf"That sounded weird, my humble hut."
th "Looks nice, cozy."
th "Especially once you finish decorating it."
y smug"Already ahead of you."
q "You open up your luggage and take out some wrinkled clothes, some posters and other small personal belongings, excited to place them inside and make this room truly your own."
q "All while the horse checks out the main room and the bathroom."
q "After a couple of minutes you both sit on the surprisingly soft bed, looking out the window and around the room."
y "It really ain’t much, but it’s fine, at least no roommates."
th "You both sound and look disappointed."
y simple"Well yeah, compared to the luxurious apartments I’ve seen leaders and vice leaders getting this is...a little small."
y "Not even a kitchen, I haven’t read the rules, but I doubt I can have an induction stove here."
y "Maybe a microwave or an airfryer..."
th "A whole room to yourself, plus bathroom?"
th "A soft bed and cushions? A nice wardrobe and storage area, a desk, a cozy windowsill with a beautiful view?"
th "I don’t know...seems like the dream."
th "It sure is more than I ever had before coming here."
y "Here?"
y "The academy?"
y s"Ah, right, well, you are a vice leader after all."
th "No, not the academy."
th "The country."
th "Sure, now my dorm can almost be considered a penthouse because of my position, but it wasn’t like that when I had to pay rent in the city."
th "Although my life truly turned around once I came to the academy, heh, it sure wasn’t easy when I had to-"
q "He stops mid sentence, looking into the distance towards the sun still obscured by the distant mountains."
q "His lip and eyes quiver for a second, but his smile still stands."
q "You almost want to question him, but decide it might not be the best idea, for now at least."
q "For the moment to not remain in this awkward state, you decide to change the subject."
y s"Hey so what’s up with the leader? Now that I have a guarantee of getting in the Shard-"
q "You wink at him."
y smug"I’m even more excited to meet them."
q "The subject change worked wonders, he seems to think hard about what to say."
th "It’s... difficult, you’ll certainly meet them at some point, everyone’s buzzing with the same question, and frankly, I’m not sure how much I can share."
y "I understand, important people confidentiality."
y s"But here’s something you can share, what’s your favorite Nightfallen type?"
th "Heh, that I could share, a simple {i}‘get to know you’{/i} question, but you go first, you intrigued me quite a lot now."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Mimics.
→ Plants.
→ No comment.
→ Cryptids.
→ Wildfurs.
→ Savages.
→ Wyverns.
→ Demons.
--- END CHOICES ---

Th "Why the sudden question though?"
y s"My next five years are going to be surrounded by Nightfallen, I’d like to know everyone’s opinions on the different types, it’s also just an interesting personality question, don’t you think?"
th "I suppose favorite food or color are indeed boring questions."
y smug"Your turn."
th "My favorite type...honestly I thought it would be the same as yours."
y s"It’s not? What is it then?"
th "Dragons."
q "He turns his head towards you with a light smirk, which disappears slowly after noticing your confusion."
y simple"Oh, I didn’t even take them in consideration, sorry, I should’ve specified, only the types that exist."
th "You don-"
th "I mean, of course they don’t, and if I can’t choose that, then I’ll settle for wyverns."
y smug"A fan of big lizards, huh?"
pause 0.8
th "Dragons are NOT-"
q "A quick and light knock on the door interrupts your conversation, a sound as if somebody hit the door by accident."
q "You two turn your heads towards it, look at each other then get up to check."
q "Approaching the door you hear murmured voices."
st1 "What was that?! You said you’re gonna knock."
st2 "I’m nervous, give me a sec."
st2 "It’s so early, he could be sleeping."
st1 "He’s not sleeping on the day of the auditions…"
st2 "You do it then."
st1 "I-"
q "You unlock and open the door, meeting face to face with the two bickering arrivals."
y simple"Can I...help you?"
st2 "Oh, Hi!"
st1 "Told you so."
r "My name is Rose and this is Coal."
y ec"Ah, the recommended students!"
q "You open the door fully now and get a bit more comfortable talking to the new people."
r "You remember! That’s a relief."
y s"I’m [name], nice to meet you."
st2 "Sorry, we didn’t come at a bad time, did we?"
y "Definitely not, wanna come in?"
r "That’s alright, we’re not going to intrude for long."
co "We didn’t want to show up uninvited at all, but we’ve kind of been looking everywhere for you and we were all out of ideas for your whereabouts."
th "So why come here at all?"
q "The stallion shows up from behind you, the rabbit and panther seem very surprised by his presence."
q "He leans by the door right behind you, looking at them with crossed arms and with a-"
q "No, not the usual charming smile anymore, apathy taking its place, resting in his eyes."
r "Oh, you have a visitor, our appearance now is even more awkward, isn’t it?"
co "Who’s your friend [name]?"
th "I’m pretty sure you know me very well."
co "That’s right, we’ve met before, vice leader of the Slayer’s Shard."
th "Summoners."
co "Ah, apologies, we’re both new, not just in the academy but the country in general."
y "I could tell by your accents but didn’t want to make assumptions."
th "What business do you have here?"
r "Of course, straight to the subject, well, besides meeting [name] In person-"
q "She winks at you."
r "we wanted to ask him, have you seen Alvy by any chance?"
r "The last recommended student."
co "He’s even harder to find than you, heh."
y "Yeah, I have actually!"
y sadsmile"I know he’s kind of slippery, doesn’t seem to want many new friends."
q "You decide to leave out all the awkward moments you had with him."
y "I have no idea where he is though, have you tried his dorm?"
r "Yeah...no luck."
r "A shame, I hoped we could get the gang all together and have a chat."
y s"Maybe some other time."
r "Since you have company we’ll get out of your fur, come on Coal, maybe we’ll find him at breakfast."
co "Yeah, we wouldn’t want to stand between you two, and certainly hope we didn’t ruin the mood."
r "It’s morning Coal, I’m sure they weren’t doing it this early."
co "I don’t see a problem with doing it early, gets the blood rushing."
co "Mornings are the busiest when it comes to guys, you wouldn’t know."
q"Realization settles in slowly, thankfully, the horse left the conversation right as they started their goodbyes, so you manage to contain your redness at skin level."
y blush"W-we’re not! I mean we didn’t do anything!"
y "Not this morning, not ever!"
y "Not like that, at least."
r "Oh, silly us, sorry for assuming."
co "We wouldn’t blame you though, heh, maybe you’re losing a good catch if you don’t act sooner."
r "But we should really go now."
co "Don’t be a stranger around us now, alright?"
co "Recommended students stick together!"
y ec"Of course, have a nice day!"
co "Oh, almost forgot, the Headmaster mentioned he wants a word with you in private."
co "Ok byeee!"
q "Hearing that the horse steps behind you again, but the two are already on their way down the hallway."
y simple"The Headmaster? With me?"
y "What do you think it is?"
y "I’m not in trouble, am I?"
th "No, of course not, why would you be?"
th "But I’d lie if I said I know the reason."
y "Should I...go now?"
th "Definitely not, I doubt he has time."
th "Usually if the Headmaster doesn’t specify the time it means whenever you have time, not sure how mister Argus does things but if he wanted special treatment he should’ve told you the time."
y "That’s true…"
y worried"Auditions...meetings...ughh, I’m just a student and the responsibilities are already getting to me, haha."
q "The horse is not amused."
y sadsmile"Ah, sorry, you’re a vice leader, my complaining must sound silly."
th "You’re going to have to get used to it, I’m afraid, it’s only getting harder from here."
y "Tests...classes, yeah, I don’t doubt that."
y s"So...uhm, where do you want to go?"
th "Me?"
y "Yeah, I doubt staying in this cramped room is any fun."
y "I don’t mind hanging out outside."
y "If you’re not too busy, that is."
th "Course not."
th "Let’s see..."
th "Well, I quite enjoyed teaching you things and seeing you learn yesterday, so why don’t we continue?"
y ec"Great! Back to the Summoner’s spot?"
th "Oh no no, I’m assuming you haven’t seen the market yet, right?"
y s"No sir, no market has reached my eyes nor my ears, but I am intrigued."
th "Then follow me, cutie."
q "Excitedly you start following the horse trying to hide your blu-"
th "Don’t forget to lock the door."
y sadsmile"Oops, almost forgot."
un squint"Motherfuckers be cutting the narrator off like I’m some sort of extra in a movie."
Don’t get huffy, you get to talk more than all of us.
That just comes with the job, gotta deal with it.
un sidee"This is harder than I thought...maybe I signed up for more than I could handle…"
Don’t give up now! You’re doing such a good job!
un "You...you really think so?"
Yeah, I’d almost say better than myself even.
un "Well...I guess I have to continue, wouldn’t want to switch to an inferior narrator then."
un pride"{i}*Aghem*{/i}"
q "The way to this market is quiet, but not awkward."
q "The horse stays silent for the most part, as if getting ready to present a surprise, and is refraining from spoiling it."
q "His silent treatment didn’t matter much, as more and more locals got the courage to greet and talk to you."
loc1 "You’re a new face, hope you have a nice stay, don’t let the monsters get you at night, haha!"
y awkward"I am, and thank you so much! I hope the barrier will keep them away, heh."
loc2 "Another student I presume? Good luck with those nasty Nightfallen."
y ec"I’ll dedicate my next fight to you, random citizen!"
loc3 "Come by my shop for big student discounts, little leopard, more Nightfallen slain the bigger the discount!"
y s"Thanks I’ll keep that in mind!"
y "Not like I’ll have a big number in my first year though, heh, isn’t that right, Therium?"
q "While talking with and greeting all these strangers you slowly realize something’s a bit strange."
q "Nobody pays any mind to the horse, and he doesn’t mind them either."
q "As for your question, he, like usual, thinks about the answer for a long time, as if he wanted to stay silent and ignore it altogether, but changed his mind."
th "Let’s just say me and the locals...we have different views on the world."
y simple"You don’t get along with them?"
th "Not that, I’m not a renegade, [name], they simply know small talk and forced ideologies won’t work on me."
th "In a society, everybody builds their reputation through surface level images, and my image just so happens to be the silent, mysterious type."
th "For better or for worse, usually better for me."
y s"Loners and mystery, my favorite combo."
th "Is that why you chose me?"
y "Chose you in what way?"
th "Ah, never mind, we’re here!"
th "Surprise!"
th "Although it’s not much of a surprise, I already told you where we’re going and what we’re doing here, to some extent."
q "You look around for the tents holding fruits and vegetables for sale, silks and clothes, magic items and scrolls, street food and live animals, and although you do see some of the desired shops, most of them are actually filled with-"
y surprised"Gems!"
y ec"Energy crystals!"
y s"Is this whole area filled with crystal vendors?"
th "Bingo, guess I don’t have to explain what we’re doing here then."
y sadsmile"Oh no, please, do explain everything in detail, I’m stupid."
th "Ha, that’s harsh, but fine."
th "The auditions, as I said will not be too complicated for you, but there is one thing you need, and that is a Nightfallen gem."
th "We could get one from the academy, like most other students, but you’re not like any other student, are you?"
y s"I like to think I’m special, but definitely not in the ways of summoning."
th "That’s why it would be best to get you a gem you connect well with."
y simple"Connect with?"
th "You...don’t know about personal connections?"
y awkward"S-should I?"
th "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
th "Yes, it is a pretty important part for beginners."
th "And unfortunately it’s not something I can really explain, you’ll just...know when it happens."
th "For now, let me give you a rundown of the available gems."
y smug"Please do, assume I know nothing."
th "Of course."
th "After that you can choose one that resonates with you, hopefully it won’t be one that’s too expensive."
th "Or one from a scammer."
y surprised"There are scammers?"
th "Of course, most of them are, that’s why we won’t buy anything unless you specifically resonate with it, and even then, we’ll be careful."
q "He guides you to the first tent, holding many big blue gems with an uneven and stony but still shiny texture, small holes visible on its edges."
th "First lesson, do you see how rough these are?"
y simple"Yeah, does that mean they’re lower quality?"
th "In a way, it means they’re dead."
y surprised"Huh?"
y worried"I thought...all Nightfallen summons are dead."
th "Really? You never heard of a Nightfallen living inside their gem?"
y simple"Uhmmmm…..no?"
q "You chuckle awkwardly."
th "Heh, no, my friend, certainly not all, but even so, you won’t find any live ones anywhere around."
y "Why’s that?"
q "Hearing your conversation, the owner, a tall, well dressed man, who has been watching you two attentively decides to throw his cigarette down and approach his clients, at last."
q "His expression is sour as he steps on the discarded smoke."
q "His deep and hoarse voice almost makes you shudder, but it does not faze the horse."
v "They’re high quality gems, bought directly from the hunters of this very academy."
v "There is nothing wrong with them."
th "Of course sir, never said there’s something wrong, well, except for the outrageous prices on what is basically mere energy fodder."
v "Werewolves are hard to kill."
th "I doubt you’re the one who hunted them."
q "The tension around thickens with each word exchanged, you decide to say something."
y sadsmile"I-I’m sorry for my friend here, he’s very picky and might I even say, judgmental."
q "The vendor calms down and softens up, directing his attention towards you, the customer who has not yet insulted his products."
v "You can say that twice, only guy in town to have a problem with my stuff."
th "Only one with common sense."
q "You swear you just saw electricity forming between their eyes."
v "Aaanyway...what can I do for you, little guy? Anything tickling your fancy"
y smug"My attention was caught at {i}‘werewolves’{/i}."
v "Aah, you have fine taste."
th "He says that to everyone."
y "How much for all of them?"
th "[name]!"
v "Oho, you want to form a whole pack, huh? Won’t even ask why, I’m sure you have totally innocent and non perverted reasons."
v "I’ll tell you what, if you buy 5, I’ll cut the price down a little."
v "How about...forty five."
y sadsmile"...dollars?"
v "…"
v "Bwahaha, you’re a funny little guy, ain’t ya?"
v "Keeping me on my toes."
v "Grands, forty five grands."
y simple"Therium…"
th "Yes, [name]?"
y pf"I just found some extra respect for you here in my wallet."
q "You say still wide eyed."
q "Your werewolf harem will have to wait..."
th "Yeah...can’t say I’m surprised, let’s go."
v "Come ooon, they’re the highest grade summons you can find! Come back! Forty? Thirty five? Final price!"
q "You continue down the rows of boutiques, one of which catches your eye, mostly because the gems it sells are much much smaller than the previous ones, with a lot of variety in shapes and colors."
y s"Oooh, how about these?"
y laugh"Look, this one’s twenty dollars! They’re so cheap!"
th "Uhmm, [name]...do you know what kind of gems those are?"
y sadsmile"Nightfallen gems?"
th "Yeah, but surely you know the different kinds of gems right?"
y pf"Yyyyee-"
y bored"No."
q "Instead of sighing at your stupidity, this time, the horse chuckles to himself, as if he finally realized there is no point in being surprised anymore."
In my defense, I never thought I’d be a summoner until I met you…demon.
q "Nonetheless, his expression softens and a kind voice comes out."
th "These are energy crystals, do you know how these are created?"
y s"By killing Nightfallen, right?"
th "Yes, and what you need to know is that these are worthless for summoning, they don’t contain any Nightfallen, nor dead nor alive."
th "A regular hunter will kill the Nightfallen and collect the crystal, while a summoner will push the Nightfallen inside the gem, trapping them for a while."
y simple"About that, what do you mean...dead or alive?"
th "Usually these gems people sell are filled with the memories of Nightfallen, weaker, fainter versions of what they once were."
th "The ones that are trapped alive, can be released at any point without harming them."
th "The benefits being a stronger bond with them and much stronger Nightfallen."
y "I never knew that, and it seems like a lot of people don’t know either."
th "Oh, but of course they do, it’s just too much of a hustle to keep live Nightfallen for sale, the memories will never disobey their masters and won’t act out of turn."
q "A flash of light followed by terrified screaming can be heard just up ahead."
q "You two drop both the gems and your conversation and direct your attention towards the commotion."
q "Dozens of people run past you, a lot of them seem more confused than anything."
y worried"W-what is that?"
q "Rounding the corner, you see a creature, a big, bull like Nightfallen with big boulders growing from its back."
q "You are thinking about doing a quick heel turn and run in the opposite direction, but your partner here doesn’t look too concerned."
th "Ladies and gentlemen, please do not be alarmed!"
th "This is an academy exclusive training exercise and everything is under control!"
loc1 "Hey, that’s the Summoner’s vice leader!"
loc2 "Oh thank Goodness."
loc3 "I thought we're in actual danger, haha."
q "Any kind of panic buzzing around disappears, and the people around watch you two and the Nightfallen attentively, just...from the sidelines."
q "Some of them cheer on, some laugh and gossip among themselves, but nobody is running."
q "The Nightfallen stops as well, somewhat sad that his toys stopped running, until his red glowing eyes focus on you and the horse, the only people still in the middle of the road."
q "Then...he charges."
y sadsmile"What a relief this is only a drill, I have no idea what to do in a situation like this, hah, who is coming to take care of it?"
th "Nobody."
y shoked"What?"
th "It’s not a drill."
th "Run."
y shoked2"WHAT?!"
q "Your hand is suddenly snatched by the powerful stallion, and within seconds your peak acceleration is reached."
y "AAAAHHH!"
th "Use a speed boost [name] and keep up!"
q "You do as he says after recovering from the short lived shock."
q "This chase taught you one thing from the start, and that’s that horses can truly run like the wind."
q "You wonder what other stereotypical qualities about them might be true, do they have a gigantic co-"
NO I’M NOT WONDERING THAT! I’M TERRIFIED!
un "Wha-really?"
q "It would seem the narrator made a mistake for the first time, the adrenaline is too strong even for this dirty leopard’s mind