."
y s"Do they offer discounts?"
th "No… but it’s the only spa in town and students are the most in need of this kind of stuff."
y pf"Just what happens at this academy?"
th "You’ll see when you start your classes, wouldn’t want to ruin the surprise."
q"The buildings and crowd grow more scarce, gradually giving way to a more serene atmosphere as you approach your destination."
q "The spa itself is nestled at the end of a quaint street, its front yard a beautifully manicured garden."
q "Lavender and jasmine perfume the air, blending with the faint sound of a bamboo water fountain, creating an immediate sense of tranquility."
th "After you."
q "He slides the thin door open for you."
q "As you step into the spa's waiting room, you're greeted by an ambiance of understated elegance."
q "The room is spacious and bathed in natural light, with large windows offering a view of the garden."
q "Comfortable chairs are arranged thoughtfully around low tables adorned with fresh flowers, house plants, and wellness magazines. The decor is a harmonious blend of modern chic and traditional comfort, creating a welcoming space that promises relaxation and peace."
q "The horse, standing calmly by your side, breathes in the new air, his eyes reflecting a quiet contentment beneath the smile."
q "When you look down, you see his shoes placed at the side of the door, you wonder how he did that so fast while struggling to take yours off."
q "In the meantime, while you’re awkwardly bent down, a lioness appears to greet you."
q "Her demeanor and tone is calm and collected, as if she’s been expecting you."
st "Good afternoon, Mister {i}Bellamy{/i}, [name2]."
Huh, so he's from {i}that{/i} country.
th "Just in time I presume."
st "On time indeed."
q "She chuckles."
st "This is the new face you were talking about."
y "That's me, hi, I'm [name]."
mas "You can call me Maicy."
mas "Speaking of new faces-"
mas "Before I show you to your spots, let me introduce you to Sam."
q "A tall calico cat enters the room holding a box of supplies, creams and towels can be seen poking through the top, he gives a curt nod and a forced smile."
mas "He is our newest employee and will accompany me to your session."
mas "I hope that won’t be a problem, both me and the owner can vouch for his skill and everything will be done under my eyes and guidance."
th "No complaints here."
q "In fact, you secretly hope he’ll be the one to take care of you, but the thoughts are not very specific, so I’m not sure why…"
un "Who are we kidding here? We all know why."
mas "Great, in that case-"
y ec"I volunteer!"
q "You might’ve said that too loud and too fast, all three people are now looking at you in silence."
y awkward"Uhmm...he looks strong? For my nodes?…"
un "Smooth."
mas"I was going to ask if you would, at the end, be willing to provide some feedback on his performance?"
mas "But I suppose that answers my next question as well."
mas "Sam, let’s go."
mas "Follow us please."
blur 20
q "The next room you’re guided to is similar to the waiting room, in that it’s very well illuminated by the sun, with plants in every corner, the only exception being that it’s much bigger, and instead of chairs stand the massage tables."
q "A single divider parts the place in two semi-private confinements."
mas "Please undress to your comfort level."
q "They both leave the room for a minute, most likely to give you privacy to undress."
q "The horse sits on the other side of the divider and takes off all his clothes, including his underwear."
q "That is definitely not on your {i}‘comfort level’{/i}, but you don’t want to be the odd one out, so you follow his example."
y nakedss"W-what now?"
th "Just cover yourself with the towel, plant your face in the cushion and relax."
th "They’ll adjust the towel if needed, don’t worry about it."
y nakedsimple"O-ok...why naked though? How far down does the massage...go?"
th "Curious, are you shy being naked?"
y nakedawkward"It’s just my first time, in a place like this, that is, I don’t know the norms."
th "I’m teasing, I’d have to be deaf, dumb and blind to not figure you’re the awkward type, and I think that’s very cute."
y nakedbored"A straight observation, flirting attempt, or insult, I will never know with you."
th "Everything I’ll ever say about you is either constructive criticism or flirting."
y nakedawkward"N-noted."
th "One more thing I should mention about our time here is that they will not hear a thing when they come back, they’ll have earplugs."
y nakedsimple"Our masseurs? Why?"
th "So we can talk in private of course, it’s the norm."
y nakedsmug"Feels like a plot device for our otherwise awkward silence."
th "Can’t be a plot device if we’re aware of it."
y "Can’t argue with that logic."
y naked"And another thing, what kind of massage are we even getting?"
th "A general relaxation bundle, nothing too crazy."
q "The workers come back after a little while interrupting your chat."
q "The cat, Sam, stands at your side, sprays his paws and your back with some kind of warm, fragrant oil and gets straight to work."
q "His gentle paws go through your fur, guiding the oils down to your skin."
q "After that he switches to a comb for the thicker parts of your fur, mostly the neck and the base of your tail."
sam "Let me know when I’m being too rough."
y naked"It’s great so far, no worries."
th "He can’t hear you, [name]."
y nakedsimple"Oh, sorry, Sam."
th "He still can’t hear you."
y nakedpf"fuck…"
y "How do I let him know if he’s being too rough then?"
th "Just signal with your hand."
y "Oh right, the second most popular form of communication, gestures, of course."
q "As the massage progresses, you can feel the stress melting away, replaced by a deep sense of calm and wellbeing."
q "The horse lets out a groan from time to time, making you raise your head to look, but nothing outside of the tip of his head is really visible, unless you count the slightly translucent divider as ‘visible’."
q "Nothing the cat does so far is provoking you to make a sound, except maybe a sigh of boredom."
q "Perhaps he’s afraid of not hurting you, seeing how skinny and fragile you are."
Omg, so you think I’m skiiiiinny!
un "Keep it in your pants, that was not a compliment."
I don’t have pants.
un "Touche."
q "Nevertheless, the pressure applied by the fingers of a gentle man going through your fur makes you more relaxed than you’ve ever been."
th "Aughh, God."
q "Another satisfied groan from the horse."
y nakedsmug"How you holding up, Therium?"
th "Don’t mind me, I have a few nasty bruises and sore muscles from training, but it will all feel better after this, I’m sure."
q "Maybe you judged Sam too hastily, a valuable lesson learned."
y "Need a distraction?"
th "If you could provide one that would be lov- Agh! {i}*sigh*{/i}-ly"
Y nakedpf"Umm, they can’t hear...anything we’re saying, right? Just triple checking."
th "Nothing we say or do, nothing at all, I promise."
th "Otherwise they’d hear my pain."
y nakedsmug"Ha."
y "Then let’s discuss."
y "What better distraction than uncomfortably personal questions you can’t escape from?"
th "Oh God, I’m going to regret this, aren’t I?"
y "Perhaps."
th "What do you want to know?"
th "More about gems?"
th "How to be a great summoner?"
th "Actually you said ‘personal’."
th "Perhaps how to become a vice leader?"
y nakedss"Actually, I just want to know more about you, as a person, outside of the academy, that is."
th "About...my abilities?"
y "No...not professional abilities."
y "Just you."
y "Where are you from?"
y "What’s your favorite food?"
y "What do you do when you aren’t the {i}‘Summoner’s vice leader’{/i}?"
q "Whatever sounds he was making before stop completely, for the next thirty seconds - there is only silence."
un "You sure gave him a lot to think about, one’s favorite food can’t be said without proper thought."
th "I am…"
th "Not a local."
y "I could figure that one out by your name and accent."
y "But I can’t put my finger on where from exactly."
th "There are...a lot of things I can’t talk about."
y "Eh, can’t blame you, I was told you’re a mysterious one, there had to be a reason."
y naked"In that case, how about you ask me anything?"
th "What?"
y "I’m a completely open book."
y "My life is somewhat boring and I have basically no secrets, I can start answering first."
y "No pressure on you alone, I just feel like you’re more...interesting than me."
th "Alright, if you insist."
th "What are your life’s ambitions?"
y nakedsmug"Ah yes, I forgot mister philosophy likes these kinds of questions."
th "Is it not a good one?"
y naked"It’s a perfect one, I just need to think for a second."

--- CHOICES ---
→ To be a successful hunter.
→ To own up to my responsabilites and duties.
→ To live peacefully.
--- END CHOICES ---

th "I have a second question."
y nakedsmug"Bring it on."

--- CHOICES ---
→ My mom.
→ My sister.
→ My friends.
→ Myself.
→ You.
→ If only you knew how close I am to not be joking...
--- END CHOICES ---

th "This doesn’t feel fair, I’m asking very personal questions, I’m finding out so much about you as a divinator… and you don’t care if I refuse to tell you anything?"
y naked"I can’t force you to open up if you don’t want to."
y "I’ll forgive this transgression if you answer just one simple question."
th "I’ll try…"
y "What is your favorite animal?"
th "..."
th "…heh"
q "He chuckles quietly for a solid ten seconds."
th "Butterflies."
q "With that final answer your personal discussion is done, silence occupies the room, you managed to distract him from the pain, and he distracted you from the boredom."
q "As the cat’s hands glide down your spine, you feel a wave of relaxation wash over you. His movements are rhythmic and soothing, almost like a dance across your back."
q "He occasionally uses his elbows for deeper pressure, expertly finding those spots that need extra attention, the fun has finally begun."
q "And a special kind of fun begins when he moves to your lower back."
What’s that supposed to mean?
un "Don’t worry about it."
q "Sam applies a gentle but firm pressure that soothes the aches you didn't even realize were there. The soothing ambiance of the room, combined with the rhythmic movements of the massage, lulls you into a state of peaceful relaxation, his warm palms sending shivers down your spine."
q "He moves the towel from under your tail even lower, starting to massage the base of your tail and lower, as well as your upper thighs, rubbing them through the towel with circular motions."
Oh no.
q "Your previously calm, empty mind suddenly fills up with all kinds of thoughts that I won’t be mentioning as it would corrupt this humble and innocent narrator."
Fuck fuck fuck.
q "That’s definitely a part of those thoughts, yes."
Now?!
q "A rush of lust takes over, and you thank the Gods you’re turned on your stomach."
q "The few sounds that were escaping your mouth when the cat applied pressure now turn into moans, making him slow down and the horse to ask:"
th "Is everything alright?"
y nakedhurt2"Yup, yes, aha, perfectly fiiiiine, you know, the fun begins, haha, I mean, he’s getting rougher, you know? With his hands, on my back, just my back, above my tail, from the outside."
th "They are known for mind numbing massages, it happens when they go harder, try to endure it."
y nakedlust"I’m certainly trying."
un "Will you though?"
I don’t know! I’m waiting for the choice screen to appear!
un "Of course, here you go:"

--- CHOICES ---
→ Lure Sam in.
--- END CHOICES ---

blur 15
q "You decide that this lust prison’s agony is too much"
q "But the challenge of implying something lewd and testing the waters without a single word spoken is proving a big challenge."
q "You use your previously static tail to brush the cat’s legs while swinging it in a somewhat seductive way."
q "You turn your face towards him and smile, giving him a thumbs up."
q "Congratulations, you surprised him and made him blush."
q "Next step is, of course, as our master seductor figured, arching your back while keeping those bedroom eyes on the cat, because nothing says ‘fuck me’ more than Lordosis."
un "And of course you’re a huge bottom...great."
q "This plan also allows you to pretend like you’re simply stretching, nobody’s gonna buy that but hey, it’s an excuse nonetheless."
sam "Umm."
q "Seeing that the cat is a bit confused, but not weirded out by your action, you give him a final wink."
q "Bingo! The fish bites."
q "He touches your towel, this time, on the part where your butt cheek is, squeezing and rubbing, pretending like he’s still giving you a massage with a blush on his face."
q "Having confirmed this intern’s feelings you decide it’s time for la piece de resistance!"
q "You grab the towel and with one swift movement throw it down, leaving your whole body naked, and more importantly, your entrance opened and inviting."
q "Although he knew it was coming, he's still looking around over his shoulder uncertain, trying not to make eye contact while he thinks it over."
q "At last, the cat decides that what he sees in front of him is worth risking everything for."
q "And I have to admit, the cake is definitely something to be proud of."
Rare compliment from Scribbles.
un "It was the narrator, not me, get it right."
q "He walks over to the supply table and grabs a bottle of lotio- oh, nope, that is straight up lube, high quality, fresh bottle of anal lube."
q "He had that on hand."
q "After that it doesn’t take long for his clothes to be thrown away in haste as he begins to mount you."
q "Sam positions himself, still looking wary around, while you beckon him to put it inside."
q "This desire and lust is killing you, especially when its antidote is being lubed up as we speak."
q "He puts some on his fingers as well, trying to massage your entrance, but your impatient ass, literally, doesn’t care about foreplay."
q "Something you tell him by wiggling your butt back and forth and giving him a frowned look, a message which he receives successfully."
q "The cat positions himself at your entrance, and slowly begins to push."
q "His cock begins to disappear, inch by inch, until the base hits your cheeks with a light slap, and you feel his balls caress yours."
q "Surprisingly, the feeling of being stretched out and filled does not hurt...at all, in fact, it makes the lust rush bearable and your face and body finally relaxes."
q "Can’t say the same thing about Sam."
q "Feeling the warmth of your insides hugging his length, his face loses composure and his mind seems to go blank, or perhaps feral is the better word."
q "The cat's movements became more urgent, his thrusts deep and powerful as he drove himself to new heights of pleasure."
y nakedhurt2"Didn’t get that in a while, huh?"
th "What was that?"
y nakedawkward"AAHHMM, I-I-You must’ve been so busy with work and stuff, bet you haven’t been here in a while, huh?"
un "Saved."
th "Funny story, actually-"
q "The horse’s words get drowned in your head, as the cat’s dick just becomes faster and harder, sliding in and out with difficulty."
q "Your ass becoming a mess of lube and precum as this seemingly shy, inexperienced intern dominates you, looming over you and keeping your thighs pressed against the table."
q "As the extra lust fades away, his rough movements start to get a hold of you, light moans escaping your lips and your body twitches when the occasional long and deep thrusts come into play."
sam "You’re so...tight...aghh."
th "And that’s why the owner and me- huh, tight?"
y "Yup! I have these tight spots that need fixing, haha."
th "A student without tight spots is unheard off, but what’s with the wet slapping?"
q "The cat has indeed turned your ass into a party, leaving you an absolute mess just trying desperately to handle the hurricane of feelings attacking your body. It was beyond description, so unceasingly intense yet so amazing. Your cock had never felt this hard, and it was making a clear mess on its own between your legs."
y "I-it must be some new technique, he’s new after all."
th "Ah, of course, all these new people with their new ways, I should thank you for volunteering to take him, by the way, does his technique work?"
y "No complaints so far, it’s pleasurable, though hurts a little."
th "No pain no gain."
un "And the gain is a litter of cum inside you."
I hope so…
q "Five minutes later and the cat was still pounding you relentlessly. At this point, you’re enjoying the sex for what it is, no more cheating with lust, the feeling of being full of another man’s meat, of having someone pleasure themselves with your body and having that sweet spot be your saving grace in this submissive behavior of yours."
un eyeroll"Disgusting bottom."
Getting bred feels awesome...
q "Your body shudders with pleasure, the kind of pleasure you haven’t felt in months, maybe years or maybe...ever."
q "You feel Sam’s cock twitch inside you, without a hint of stopping any time soon."
q "Warm liquid suddenly fills you up, shooting deep inside and spilling out as the cat keeps breeding your messy hole."
q "At the same time, the table underneath gets covered in your fresh, thick, white seed."
q "The cat slows down as you both try to keep any kind of moans and other verbal sounds at a minimum."
q "He pulls his softening member out, not before keeping it warm inside you for another minute."
q "For me, it was an experience, for you, it was a great one, and for Sam it seems like it was the time of his life, having to tap him on his arms multiple times to get him out of the trance."
blur 15
sam "S-sorry- I’ll get a towel...or two, actually, I’ll just bring the whole basket."
y nakedsmug"That would be great, thanks."
pass
th "Oh, are you two done, [name]?"
y naked"Y-yeah, I mean, almost, just gotta take all these oils off of my fur."
th "You leopards and your long fur, couldn’t be me."
y nakedsmug"It’s a tough life."
th "I think I’d just kill myself, if I had fur like that."
y nakedpf"That is...certainly a comment of all time."
q "Thankfully your attention is stolen away by the cat’s rough, hurrying paws trying to clean you off with wet, warm, soapy towels."
q "They’re doing a great job at removing that kind of stuff from your fur, or maybe it’s the desperate employee that’s doing the miracle work right now, with a frightened look on his face."
un "Poor fella, he’s probably getting fired."
Not after the performance review I’m giving him, hehe.
q "You might be a horny monster, but you’re a kindhearted horny monster, and that’s enough to pat yourself on the back."
q "In the meantime, the horse finishes up his session as well, and of course, his {i}‘clean time’{/i} lasts less than a minute."
q "You both get dressed, the employees take the ear plugs from their ears and the divider is removed. Your eyes are not stuck to a meaty horse doing a big stretch."
th "That was sooo nice, thanks again darling."
q "He kisses the lioness on the cheek, something she gladly accepts."
mas "Glad to be of service."
mas "I hope Sam offered you a pleasant time too, I noticed his silhouette doing some unusual movements."
mas "A style I’m not too familiar with, but hey, I’m still young, I’m happy to learn new methods from anyone."
q "Both you and the cat blush and almost begin to sweat, refusing to meet each other’s eye."
y ec"Y-yup, had a great time, let’s go, Therium! No time to waste! Have a whole day ahead of us!"
q "No, you decide that despite the agony in your chest and the fires of desire in your dick, it is not the time nor the place to do anything inappropriate."
un curious"Are you sure? It would clear your mind and let you blow off some steam, it would feel good, you know?"
Nice try, I’m not falling for it, just call me a slut and stop joking about it.
un sidee"I’m serious! I can feel the lust rush too, for your information...It kind of...hurts, and not in a good way."
Oh...well, I’m sorry, but either way, it really is not a good time.
We’ll both have to endure it.
un bored"If you say so."
un curious"Is it crazy that I want you to be an overall hornier person?"
Any more horny in me and there will be no soul.
un bored"Touche."
un pride"Back to narrating then."
q "Because of this lust, a feeling almost impossible to ignore, the massage itself can barely be felt."
q "The gentle hands of the cat sometimes press harder between your ridges, shoulder blades or rogue knots, but other than that, your mind is stuck to the thought of penis."
q "Your session comes to a halt just moments after the lust left your mind, and with a relieved sigh you begin to get up."
q "In the meantime, the horse finishes up his session as well, grunting satisfied."
q "You both get dressed, the employees take the ear plugs from their ears and the divider is removed."
q"Your eyes are not stuck to a meaty horse doing a big stretch."
th "That was sooo nice, thanks again darling."
q "He kisses the lioness on the cheek, something she gladly accepts."
mas "Glad to be of service."
mas "I hope you had a great first visit too, [name]."
y ec"Sure did, never knew I was so stiff, expect me and my tight shoulders to be back throughout the year."
mas "One more thing before you go."
mas "On a scale from one to ten, how do you rate your experience with Sam today?"
q "The cat shuffles awkwardly waiting nervously for a response, but trying his best to act uninterested."
y ec"Ten out of ten, no complaints!"
mas "I see, I’m glad he managed to satisfy you, do you happen to have time for a few more questions about your time here? We like to get in-depth feedback from newcomers."
y sadsmile"Well we-"
q "A phone rings and breaks the conversation."
q "The horse looks at the screen and sighs."
th "Sorry, I have to take this, it’s important."
q "He hurries towards an empty, small room, perhaps the bathroom, and shuts the door behind him."
y s"Oh, in that case I should have time for those questions."
mas "Wonderful! Follow me."
th "Yeah, what do you want?"
phone "…"
th "Hello?"
th "God Damn it..."
nu "{i}~Caaan you feeel, the looove toniight?~{/i}" with longdissolve
th "Why are you following me?"
nu "Those are just my orders, don’t take it to heart, at least not the same way you’re taking him to heart."
th "I’ll ask one more time, what do you want?"
nu "I’m just here to ask about the situation."
th "Why? You seem to know enough about us, seeing how you’re following us everywhere."
nu "I can’t read your mind, can I? Who knows what stew you’re cooking in that noggin’ of yours."
nu "Did you like that? It’s a new phrase I learned from a child, cook a thought."
nu "Isn’t the youth so creative?"
th "I haven’t even done anything worth reporting on."
nu "I think you falling madly in love is great news."
th "Pff, don’t be absurd."
nu "I know you swore it won't happen, but cheer up, we’re happy about it…I think."
th "I don’t even know him."
nu "He knows you even less, and he’s already falling for you too, ain’t that cute?"
nu "Fools falling in love."
th "I’m done here."
nu "Aren't you even going to ask about the market situation?"
th "I know it was you, why bother?"
nu "Oh, then that explains that sour look on your face."
th "No, that's just because of your overall presence, your prank is still a factor though."
th "But let me guess, 'father's orders'."
nu "Nope, I was just bored."
th "Why am I not surprised?"
nu "Father was a little upset you were the one to defeat it, still."
th "There was no other choice, he can't do anything on his own."
nu "Still, would've been fun to watch things unfold on their own."
nu "Maybe he would've showed his superior summoning abilities to save his new boyfriend~"
th "I'm done here."
nu "Can I at least know what your next move is before you storm out in anger?"
th "Why? You'll be there, like you always are."
nu "Actually, I have some plans for this evening. Found a group of young minds to mould, it will certainly be entertaining."
nu "And if your plans include him, then I must know too, you know the rules."
th "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
th "I am just going to give him some answers."
nu "Oooooh! Big news, hopefully that doesn't include me, father, or HIM."
th "No, just...me."
th "That is, if he ends up deserving answers, I'm still not fully convinced."
nu "Huh."
nu "..."
nu "When are you fucking him though?"
th "{size=*2}GOOD DAY!{/size}" with hpunch
nu "So sensitive this one."
nu "But he's fun, hah."
sam "Thanks for your review, she seemed to really, really like it."
y ec"No problem, glad I could help."
y s"Oh, there’s Therium."
y "Thanks again for the service!"
sam "Come back anytime."
q "You walk up to the horse, his smile noticeably smaller than before, walk out and close the door behind you."
q "As soon as you leave behind the lush garden, your partner stops in place, looking at the ground."
y simple"Huh? Something wrong?"
th "About those personal questions earlier…"
y sad"I’m sorry again."
Y "I know, I’m being a bit forward, and you don’t like to overshare."
q "He ponders for a while then shakes his hand."
Th "It’s not that...I just think a place more private would be better for spilled secrets and past mistakes."
th "I’m not completely against spilling my thoughts if the right person is with me, but I have to be cautious about it."
y simple"What do you mean exactly?"
th "..."
Th "Do you like to read, [name]?"
y ec"My second favorite activity."
th "Bring your favorite book to this place…"
q "A notification with a message pings on your phone."
th "And I’ll bring mine."
th "I'll give you a special, private divination session."
th "You probably find this strange, but I assure you I have my reasons."
q "He sounds sincere, apologetically so, and you swear you saw a blush cross his face."
y simple"Alright?"
y s"Let me go grab it, then we can-"
th "Not we, only you."
th "I’ll wait for you when the sun sets."
y bored"Ok, I know you like riddles and stuff, but this feels unnecessarily poetic."
q "He doesn’t respond, just chuckles and reaches for the side of your face, caressing the soft tufts near your cheeks."
q "Something in his eyes, in the way he looks at you says just how fed up with your silliness he is, yet how much he loves it."
q "The horse lets go and turns his back towards you."
th "At sunset."
q "With the final reminder his unstoppable steps make their way further and further away, while you stand in place like a statue, a wide eyed statue."
y simple"…"
y pf"{i}Where though?{/i}"
un ang"ASK HIM NOT YOURSELF! HE’S WALKING AWAY!"
y scream"AAAHH, YOU’RE RIGHT, THERIUM WAAAAIT! WHEEEEERE SHOULD WE-"
y simple"Oh, wait, he texted me, duh."
un eyeroll"Fucking dumbasses."
y "A top the hill with the lone tree, West of the academy."
y "…"
y bored"Huh."
un curious"What?"
y simple"Now I know where, but don’t know...why?"
y "A divination session, he says."
y "Guess I just didn’t expect any of this."
un "What DID you expect?"
y "To...spend more time together I guess."
y "Or for him to WANT to spend more time with me."
y sad"I know I know, {i}‘why would he want to spend time with a loser like you’{/i}?"
un bored"That is not what I was gonna say."
un "I think you’re pretty neat, for a mortal."
y sadsmile"You do?"
un "Why not?"
un "You’re very normal, regular, plain, boring."
y bored"None of those are compliments."
un "In other words, you’re safe."
un "And your persistent horny state is definitely a benefit for a lust demon."
y s"I can get behind that."
y simple"But Therium…"
un "Who knows? He has his own demons to battle."
y s"Like you?"
un "Much worse than me."
y pf"So I’m just supposed to accept that my life is a K-drama?"
un "Over the top romance scenarios and mundane life turned into epic adventures?"
un "Sounds like something you’d love."
y smug"You know me so well already that I can’t even complain anymore."
un "Trust me, wish I didn’t..."
y simple"Now the question of the day...what do I do until the time comes?"
y "Ooh, or I could try to find Dallan, Aiden and Tate."
y "I should take advantage of the people who want to be around me."
y "Not in a bad way though…"
un "Do you ever stop yapping? You can talk while walking, you know?"
y sadsmile"S-sorry, I’m just nervous and anxious I guess."
un simple"Strange, doesn’t seem that way."
y simple"What do you mean?"
un "Your heart is not beating fast, in fact, it’s...slowing down."
un "A lot."
y "I don’t feel anything out of the ordinary."
un sidee"I think you should lay down."
un ang"Lay down, lay down NOW!"
y "Geez alright, if you say so."
y bored"Are you a service dog or something?"
q "You sit down on the pavement a block or two away from your dorm, sitting criss-crossed and watching the people walk through the street."
y "My pants are gonna be dusty now…"
y sleepy"Eh, doesn’t matter, I-I’m going-{i}*yaaaawn*{/i}-"
y "I’ll need a shower a-anyway...after-"
q "Slowly but surely, your eyes start to close against your will, your head falls limp to your side while the rest of your body follows."
st "Are you...ok?"
st "Hello?"
st "HELLOOO?!"
thug "HELLOOOO?!" with llongdissolve
thug "HEY! DID YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID YOU USELESS MAGGOT?"
thug "SCRAM!"
thug "Next time we see you in our spot you’ll lose your other eye too."
Life just isn’t fair sometimes.
Child "Please...I just want some fo-"
thug "TOO BAD!"
thug "Should've taken care of your mommy and daddy better then."
thug "The streets aren’t for you."
thug2 "He should go live in the woods."
thug "Haha, yeah, maybe then he’d be useful as a fleshlight for those monsters."
thug2 "Or just straight up food."
Child "YOU AREN’T ANY BETTER THAN MONSTERS!"
Not everyone is treated equally by nature.
Aren’t people supposed to be above survival of the fittest?
So why am I...at the bottom of the food chain?
pause 0.5
thug "Leave him alive, we’ll find him again tomorrow, naughty kids must be taught the lesson until they learn it."
Remind me again...who are the monsters I should be afraid of?
…
un sidee"What the hell are these dreams?"
q "Your eyes slowly open inside the familiar dorm while tears pour down your cheek."
un "Hey, you’re awake and...why are you crying?"
un "Did you have a nightmare?"
y cry2"I-"
y "I think so."
un "What about?"
y "I don’t remember."
y "But I felt like the world started to crumble for a minute."
y "Did you happen to see it?"
un "No, sorry, I was locked out of this one. All I saw was the darkness from my special corner."
y simple"How did I get here, and what happened