."
th "At least the circumstances weren’t that different from my imagination, right into my arms."
q "His flirty words fly past your head as the Headmaster takes the stand."
h "Why were you in such a hurry?"
y "I, uhmm."
q "You think for a moment, realizing that perhaps you exaggerated your reaction to the strange person from earlier, just like the dog did to you, so it’s better to find an excuse for now."
y sadsmile"Long story, I was just testing a new spell, got a bit out of control that’s all."
q "You decide on a half truth, something that leaves the lion satisfied and keeps your consciousness clean."
h "It’s always nice to see students actively trying to improve, but perhaps you should do it outside, next time."
y "Will do sir!"
th "So you didn’t come here for any specific reason in mind?"
q "He sounds disappointed but is hiding it very well."
y pf"I couldn’t say since I’m not sure where I am."
th "Oh, heh, my apologies, you were running at olympic speeds just now, after all."
th "This is the Summoner’s Shard meeting room."
th "Well, the one next to it over there is, this is more of an office for me and the leader."
y s"Ah, I see."
y "This falls in line well with my plans, actually."
y "If you don’t mind me asking, what is your business here, mister Argus?"
th "Right? I was asking the same thing."
th "You’d think the Headmaster would be busier in his office on such an important day."
q "He lets out a light chuckle and smirk, looking at the Headmaster."
y awkward"N-no, that’s not what I’m implying, I just don’t want to interrupt whatever is going on, but it looks like there is a bit of tension so I suppose I’ll be on my way-"
q "The lion stops me with a raised paw, unaffected by the horse’s words."
h "Please, no need to, I was just leaving."
h "It’s true, I am a very busy man these days, but if I can’t make some time for my students, what good am I for?"
h "After all, there is a new leader in town that needs to be greeted, shown around, consulted and perhaps even studied."
h "I need to know everything that happens around, for your own good, of course."
h "Plus, it would be very impolite not to greet such an important arrival, especially since I didn’t even have much of a say in approving."
th "Yes, well, as I told you at least twice already, he’s not here yet."
th "And no, I don’t have an estimated time either, he needs time to settle, it is a completely foreign place, after all."
q "The hint of rudeness in his voice persists, but the lion keeps his gaze on you unperturbed."
h "How very well you’ve made that clear."
h "Ah, before I forget, I do have another reason for being here."
h "I was hoping you’d show up at one of the Shards’ 'headquarters', as the Defenders like to call them, hah."
y simple"Why so?"
h "Aren’t you missing anything?"
h "Perhaps something a bit heavy, on wheels?"
y surprised"Sounds like a car...I don’t think I own a ca- OH!"
y "My luggage!"
y "I was just thinking about it minutes ago."
y sadsmile"I left it in that one room..."
y "I was going to get it but I was...distracted."
y "I’ll go there right now."
h "Don’t bother, that room is closed for the day."
y worried"Then what should I-"
h "Worry not, we didn’t just lock your belongings inside."
h "They’re in my office, you can come by and pick them up any time."
y sadsmile"That’s a relief."
th "I’m surprised Dallan didn’t jump to the rescue first, he loves finding the owners of lost and found victims."
h "Of course he volunteered, but that’s nonsense, a leader should not concern themselves with something like this."
h "Besides, I’m going to be working late most days, so [name] can come by whenever."
h "And if somehow I’m not around, my secretary will let you in, she’s already up to date on the situation."
q "And so, the leopard got what he desired most, a dominant boyfriend three times his size."
un bored"He’s really going above and beyond to make you feel good, I’m pretty sure you’d call this dick sucking, or dick riding, or both."
un tease"Technically you just had sex! Congrats!"
Your mental gymnastics are a bit too complicated for me, but I kind of wish they were true...
un bored"Course you do."
y ec"Thank you, sir! I appreciate it, and sorry for the trouble."
y s"If I can come whenever, you don’t mind if I pop up a bit later? I have some stuff to deal with now."
h "Of course, don’t want to stand in between a first year and his new experiences at the academy."
h "Carry on boys, I’ll see you both later."
q "The lion walks away, hands behind his back and tail swinging, hardly containing his happiness, he’s in a good mood, or at least in a better mood than we found him in."
th "Thanks for saving me [name], if you weren’t here he probably would’ve made me conjure the new leader into existence with my mind just for him."
q "You don’t pay much attention to the horse’s words, feeling your body begin to tremble and sweat start dripping."
th "Hey, you don’t look too well, did the Headmaster make you that anxious?"
y worried"Therium, I have a problem!"
th "What is the problem about?"
y asleep"{i}*inhale*{/i}"
q "Seems like you’re about to spill the secret anyway, the curiosity and weirdness of the situation is simply too much for you to bear."
y worried"There is this person or thing or ghost that wears all black and a mask a scary mask and it seems to be following me and even chasing me it looked at me through the window then found me in the hallway then spied on me in the bathroom it might just be a random perverted weirdo but it might be something more and I told myself I wouldn’t tell anyone but maybe I should so I’m telling you and-"
q "He grabs your head gently but firmly between his palms, looking at you with a smile."
y blush"Huh?"
th "Shhh."
th "It’s alright."
th "I’m sure that, just like you said, it’s just a weird person that doesn’t know their actions creep people out."
th "It happens."
q "Your mind goes back to the dog running for his life from a demon talking psychopath."
th "Or, if it’s not, I’ll take care of you, no mysterious figure is going to hurt you on my watch."
q "Like a spell, his kind, reassuring words instantly calm you down."
q "Or it might be the fact that he's only inches away from your face, whispering while holding you still."
un "Unashamed slut, I bet you were faking being embarrassed in the bathroom."
y simpleblush"I want to sign in your Shard."
th "..."
q "The man was too stunned to speak."
q "Rightfully so, since your forwardness could scare a stone troll."
th "Are you...are you saying that because my seduction attempts already worked?"
y awkward"No! I actually made my mind a long ti-"
y surprised"Wait, sedu-what?"
y "You’re trying to seduce me?"
th "Been trying from the moment I laid eyes on you, heh, thanks for noticing at last."
y awkward"Sorry, I just don’t like to jump to conclusions."
th "That is understandable, I also don’t like scamming people into joining my Shard, unlike a certain cat, so if you’re only doing it for me, I’ll let you know it’s not necessary, you already impressed me enough."
y s"It’s really not my only motive, as I was going to say, I decided on it a long time ago, I was just wondering if any other options might be better, but in the end it’s settled."
th "Well then, in that case-"
q "His usual bedroom eyes you’re so fond of returning together with his flirtatious voice."
th "Follow me then."
q "He holds the door open for you and lets you in first with a light bow and hand gesture, then closes it behind."
q "The room is spacious for an office, slightly smaller than a high school classroom, with a desk in the middle on top of which stands a modern, expensive looking computer and many cabinets all around the room, as well as soft chairs around a small coffee table."
q "To the side there is another door with multiple locks on it, if this is Therium’s office you assume that must be the leader’s, unfortunately, you have no business there for now."
th "This is the only official leader and vice leader offices that are not directly connected to the Shard’s meeting room, did you know that?"
y simple"No, I haven’t seen any of the other rooms yet, why’s that?"
th "The meeting room is the only place on the campus where people can use summons freely outside of classes."
th "So it tends to get a bit noisy at times, even noisier than the Slayers’ place."
y s"Interesting, I’d love to meet my new Shard mates soon too, but as I remember you need to be a member or else they’ll be mad, right?"
th "Where’d you hear that? The internet?"
y awkward"Something like that."
th "Heh, well, that sure is true for the Defenders, they’re a bit stuck up, to say the least, you can enter freely anywhere else."
y s"Huh, good to know, I’ll need to do that later."
th "As for being a member."
q "He boots up the computer and starts typing and clicking away."
th "I can make you a member right this moment-"
y ec"Nice!"
th "But for any benefits, since you’re a recommended student you’ll need to wait for the leader to come by, sorry."
y s"What kind of benefits?"
th "The lunch and dinner cards have a daily cash limit on them for regular students, but you get an unlimited card, it doesn’t make much of a difference but it’s something."
th "Still no breakfast coverage, for some reason."
y simple"I understand, although, where really is the new leader?"
th "He’s new and foreign. His flight got canceled so he’ll be here some other day, hopefully before the test starts."
th "I was keeping my fingers crossed for this evening, but I’m not sure it will happen."
Y "How come you’re not the leader?"
y sadsmile"Sorry, I hope that’s not rude to ask."
y "I just never heard of a new student to become leader."
th "Well he’s not a first year, if that’s what your concern is, he’s a transfer student in his fourth year."
th "Sorry, before we continue, what’s your last name again? Just to make sure I don’t misremember, I was more struck by your other qualities to pay attention to that."
y s"M-my last name is…"
y"[name2]."
th "Ah, of course."
th "Can't believe I almost forgot such a beautiful name."
q "He says, lying through his teeth."
Hey!
th "Now, as for why I am not the leader, it is simple."
th "I don’t want to be."
y simple"Why not? I thought everyone would be fighting over such a position."
th "I’ve only been in this country for a couple of years, I’m focusing on other, more personal things at the moment."
q "He looks at you with a light smirk."
q "After a moment of sexual tension between two mammals, a ping sound breaks the atmosphere, and he gets up from the computer."
th "And we’re done, welcome to the Shard."
q "He opens up a drawer and hands you a Summoner pin, which you immediately chuck into your backpack because the blue does not match your overall aesthetic."
Hey, gotta respect fashion at least to some extent.
y s"Thanks! So… what now?"
th "You could accompany me on a little walk to pass the time, if there’s nothing else."
y sadsmile"I meant more like… in general, with the Shard."
y "Are there any meetings in the near future, any information I need to know?"
th "Oh, about that."
th "Any information you’ll need is on the pamphlet that I gave you earlier."
th "But for today you don’t have to worry, you have the day off just like everybody else."
y simple"Right, I completely forgot about that thing."
th "Of course, I could always help-"
q"Ding Ding."
q "The horse lets out a sigh of suppressed exasperation, that fades as he reads the name on the phone’s screen."
th "Excuse me for a second, this is important."
y s"It’s fine, I’ll just-"
q "Before you can fully turn around, he’s already in front of you, power-walking towards the door."
q "He opens it fast, smiles at you and closes it quickly behind."
y simple"-leave for a sec."
y "Guess I’m staying here."
y "Who do you think called him, Scribbles?"
un "How should I know?"
y s"You don’t have to know, it’s a game, just guess someone, make up a story."
un bored"You want me to lie?"
y "I want you to have fun. I doubt that would count as a lie."
y smug"Like this: I think it could be his partner."
un "That thought made you sad just now, I can feel it."
un "Why would you want it to be true?"
y s"I don’t want to, but all the hints until now show that he’s most likely single, so I’m just making up a story, the crazier the better."
un sidee"I… I think it is… his parental figure?"
y smug"Ha! Nice."
y "See? Didn’t count as a lie, unless you’re already dead."
y "..."
y simple"Are you?"
un "Not yet."
un "But, uhmm, you know what?"
un "Let’s go somewhere."
y "What do you mean by somewhere?"
un "You know, just leave these {i}‘love interests’{/i} alone and hang out, explore the campus, fuck a dude, I don’t know, fun stuff, like your made up stories."
y "I’m not hating your ideas, but where is this coming from?"
y s"What about Therium?"
un simple"He…"
un sidee"He seems busy, I mean, without a leader he has a lot of stuff to do on his own, you wouldn’t want to inconvenience him, right?"
y s"You’re not wrong, I didn’t want to bother Dallan, Tate and Aiden because they seemed busy, but compared to Therium they probably have less problems to deal with."
un simple"Plus, he’s hookup material, not boyfriend, so you should keep looking."
y smug"You have some strong opinions over there, what’s the occasion?"
un sidee"Well, you joined the Shard I wanted, you already proved to at least try to honor our deal, so I thought I should...you know, look after this body that we share."
y sadsmile"Awww, that’s so sweet of you."
un bored"Don’t start again, I’m doing this just for the sake of fairness."
y s"Even so, I like Therium, his flirty attitude towards me changed as soon as he realized I might be genuinely interested in him, to a more respectful one."
y "It would be a shame to leave him hanging."
un bored"You do as you wish, I can’t force you into anything, I’m merely giving suggestions."
un "Now, go to his computer and search for the most grotesque porn imaginable."
y smug"Welcome back… evil demon."
un "Come oooon, until he comes back! It will be a good prank."
un "Or better yet, break into that other office."
y s"Too late."
q "As if summoned by my prank idea, the door opens with a confident, smiling horse stepping in, seeing you rooted into the exact same place as he left you in."
th "Sorry, I forgot to say, you can sit down whenever you want."
y "Oops, I got lost in thought, heh."
th "It happens to me more than I can count."
th "But good news! The new leader called."
th "He’s in town, just needs a while to get settled in."
th "Apparently he tried to get some directions from other students but wasn’t too lucky."
y "Of course, this place is like a ghost town right now."
th "Everyone else must be exploring their dorms or the town itself, you’ll spend more than enough time inside this building when the time comes."
y "When will we get to meet him?"
th "In the evening, he’ll be expecting you around 6 PM in this same office."
y "Is that when I’ll get my food card?"
th "Most likely."
y "Eh, hope the lunch ladies have change for my cash then."
th "Oh please, I can’t let you waste your money over an administrative mistake."
th "It’s my treat."
y awkward"Oh no, I couldn’t possibly~"
q "The man was lying, for he could, and wished, in fact, for somebody else to buy him things, for such was his God forsaken kink."
What can I say… I like to feel wanted and taken care of.
th "I insist, besides, didn’t you say there is some kind of cloaked creep following you around? I’d be glad to protect that pretty face from anyone."
y pf"I almost forgot about that…"
y simple"Might I do need the protection."
nobox "..."
nobox "{i}You have succesfully impressed THEM.{/i}"
nobox "{i}You have proved to have a chance, thus you are now free.{/i}"
nobox "{i}True Route has been {b}Unlocked.{/b}{/i}"
nobox "{i}The King awaits you.{/i}"
q b"Finally…" with longdissolve
pause 2.0
!
What...happened?
T-Therium?
Choice...?
y2 "{size=*2}ALVY!{/size}" with hpunch
What just... happened?
What was I doing?
Right, Therium was just asking-
Wait, where's Therium?
Wasn't I supposed to do... something with him right now?
This is {b}his{/b} office, right?
y2 "He didn't just ditch me, did he?"
y2 "I definitely ask too many questions."
y2 "There's just one last choice to make in this case."

--- CHOICES ---
→ What is there left to do?
→ {s}Find Therium?{/s}
→ {s}Find Alvy?{/s}
→ Enjoy the day getting to know the Demon inside your head.
→ What?
→ You're not expecting the route to be playable already, are you?
→ How about you watch this credits scene instead, and come back later :3
→ Huh?

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I hang out with Therium, or spare him the trouble of a noisy snow leopard drooling over him the whole day?
→ Accept his invitation. {i}(Therium's route){/i}
→ I have a feeling I should refuse his invitation... {i}(Alvy's route){/i}
→ But is that enough...?
→ Yes. Because the destination often needs sacrifice on the way.
→ One of three, the second spree.
→ It is not so easy to cheat destiny, a new path must be walked before yet another unlocks.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Should I hang out with Therium, or spare him the trouble of a noisy snow leopard drooling over him the whole day?
→ Accept his invitation.
→ Why do I feel like...I have no other choice?
→ Perhaps because...it’s fate?
--- END CHOICES ---

y ec"I’d be happy to have you by my side then."
q "The man closes his eyes contemplating, before smiling sincerely and finally showing you his hands, reaching with one towards you."
th "Well then, shall we?"