."
q "But can you really blame me?"
y scream"What is a Nightfallen doing inside the barrier?!"
th "No idea!"
y "Why is it chasing US of all people?"
th "Would you rather it chased civilians?"
y "I’d rather it chase an experienced hunter!"
th "I am literally the vice leader of a Shard."
y "Great! Then team up with another one instead of me!"
th "If you want we can split up and-"
y "NO WAY!"
y "That’s how you die in horror movies!"
th "This is not a horror movie."
y "Of course you think that, with that smile on your face!"
th "Hah, I’m just enjoying the wind, don’t you feel it running through your fur? Doesn’t it feel so free?"
q "Your breath starts to go away as fatigue sets in, and can barely muster a word."
y worried"Where are we running?"
th "We’re almost there, just a little more."
q "The monster behind you is getting closer, having much more stamina than you two."
q "You can feel his angry eyes scorching the back of your head."
Scribbles! Can you do anything?!
un "I could, but the horse has everything under control, just trust him, he’s a summoner."
y angry"IT’S KIND OF HARD TO DO THAT RIGHT NOW!"
th "Huh? Do what?"
y awkward"R-RUN! IT’S HARD TO RUN! I’M TIRED!"
th "Well, good news."
q "He lets go of your hand suddenly and turns around."
th "We're here."
q "Now face to face with the incoming beast, he plants his feet hard in the ground, far apart, taking a defensive fighting position."
q "The fast break made you lose balance and fall on your back, just behind him."
y surprised"What are you doing?!"
Scribbles, get ready to protect him.
un "You heathen little fool… just watch."
q"Without responding and with the confidence of a God, he extends his arms forward."
q "The Nightfallen’s momentum does not slow down, but…"
q "His material body does."
q "It’s body transforms to smoke and energy, going inside a little gem from between the horse’s hands."
q "You swear there was no gem there before, but it’s not like you were that focused on what he held when that thing was coming closer."
q "Within seconds the Nightfallen is no more, only a last loud, echoing roar can be heard as the last traces of black smoke gets sucked into the green gem, making it glow brightly."
th "Ta da!"
q "The horse turns to you, bows deeply, presenting the newly acquired gem, before tossing it over your head."
q "You only now realize you are basically at the exact edge of the barrier, one more step back and you’d be sucked out."
q "The gem phases through with no difficulty, but once it hits the ground, the Nightfallen gets released."
q "It looks back at you with annoyance, but no more hatred, at least, and trots away towards the forest."
th "Poor guy was probably scared out of his mind."
th "How are you holding up, [name]?"
th "You must be even more so-"
blur 10
blur 10
blur 10
th"Oh..."
th "Guess, you're fine?"
Brrrr.
y laugh"I don't even know what happened but YOU WERE AWESOME!"
y "I think I got a little too excited for a moment."
th "You mean what I just did was awesome or-"
y ec"Everything."
y "Everything you did!"
y "From start to finish!"
y sadsmile"I have sooo much to learn from you!"
th "Heh, you can’t teach someone without spilling your own secrets, so here’s something you didn’t know about me, [name]."
th "I have a special little ability that allows me to trap Nightfallen inside a gem whenever I want under no conditions, the only downside is that it only lasts a couple of seconds."
th "It’s not that impressive under normal circumstances, but it does leave Nightfallen disoriented, not that mention that-"
y surprised"-gems can go through barriers no problem!"
th "You catch on quick."
y "I noticed you didn’t have a gem before, I assume you just...created one from thin air?"
th "Not quite, I stole the Nightfallen’s gem from within him, which forced the rest of his body to follow."
y s"That is so cool!"
y simple"But why did it attack? And who summoned it?"
th "For the second question, I have no idea, for the first, well, as I said, he was scared."
th "It wasn’t a savage fur, it didn't have murderous instincts, and it was certainly not lustful, so it was simply doing what it thought was best to survive."
th "A cornered animal is most dangerous."
y sadsmile"I would attack someone too if it seemed like the only way to stay alive."
th "Exactly."
y simple"Who do we report this to?"
y "The mayor? The Headmaster? Some leader?"
th "Oh no no no, we do not speak a word of this again."
y "Why not?! It’s a big deal, isn’t it?"
th "That is precisely why. We don’t want to create a commotion."
y "Ah, you did call it a {i}‘drill’{/i} before."
th "This place is supposed to be the most secure place in the country, from Nightfallen at least, if word gets out that there was an attack…"
th "It’s best we do our own detective work before jumping to conclusions."
y sadsmile"I understand."
y "I take it you don’t hold the Headmaster’s confidentiality to high regard, or any public figure for that matter."
th "Why should I? People are flawed, even the most trustworthy person you know can end up spilling your secrets."
th "Bribes, foolishness, mistakes whatever the reason, it can happen."
th "Even Dallan."
y simple"Why Dallan specifically?"
th "Sorry, I forgot context, you don’t know him well enough, it’s not like you spent many intimate moments with him alone, hah. Dallan is simply known to be very reliable, unless you break rules."
y smug"Hmmm, I’m not sure if your argument is coming from a place of trauma or deep wisdom, but I’m willing to listen to someone who can trap Nightfallen without killing or seducing them."
y surprised"{i}*Gasp*{/i} Is that one of the reasons you’re a vice leader?"
th "Among other things."
q "Abruptly as you speak, you begin to feel lightheaded and your feet turn to noodles."
th "Hey, you alright?"
q "The horse steps forward to catch you, but you manage to balance yourself enough to stay up, and I…"
q "I don’t know why this is happening."
q "And neither do you."
y tired"Sorry, I just felt dizzy for some reason."
y sadsmile"Might be from running so much, haha."
y "The adrenaline rush is only now disappearing."
th "That might explain it, but the auditions will start soon, will you be ok?"
y "Of course, there won’t be much fighting involved anyway."
q "You check your phone for any notifications and the time."
y simple"Hey, what do you mean soon? We still have two hours."
th "You forget you still don’t have a gem to summon, since we didn’t find one at the market."
y bored"Oh yeah, in my defense, I doubt we would’ve found any at those prices."
th "I’ll drink to that."
th "As I said, scammers."
th "Now, shall we?"
q "He offers you his hand with a smirk, which you accept with sweaty palms and warm face."
y blush"We ran all the way here holding hands, makes sense we go back the same, haha, r-right?"
th "Sure...and I want to guarantee that you won’t faint."
y pf"Oh...of course."
un sidee"Awkwaaard."
Shut up…
q "The two of you walk side by side, this time at a slow, steady pace."
q "Destination? The arena."
q "On the way, many town’s folk appear to congratulate you."
q "Some of them, especially naughty kids, ran all the way from the market behind the Nightfallen to witness your ‘drill’."
q "While others found out through word of mouth and didn’t shy from throwing a compliment or two."
q "The horse didn’t seem to mind them much this time either, but you can tell that somehow...he’s more content with this situation."
q "You arrive at the arena, the whole place already buzzing with students and getting slowly filled up."
q "Instead of the main gate, the horse takes you through a side entrance."
q "The room you walk in is cold and quiet, a small room that is a mere distraction from the actual Nightfallen shards storage space."
q "The horse takes you down a set of stairs, into a sort of large, modernized cellar, you’re happy to find out that it isn’t completely empty."
th "Meet some of your new Shard mates, all the students here are, or at least should be, first years of the Summoner’s Shard."
q "Upon entrance the people in the room look at the tall horse, realizing their vice leader just walked in. They murmur excitedly but none of them dare approach while you’re at his side."
y simple"I wonder if he’s here…"
q "You look around for a small dog, but he’s nowhere to be seen."
y "Hmm, maybe he already got a gem shard."
q "The main attraction of the room is a fancy looking wooden booth, with certain a character managing it."
st "Hey Therium, here to check on the fresh meat?"
th "I’m more occupied with this specific specimen."
q "He grabs your shoulders and presents you to the man."
st "This little guy? Why on earth- oh."
st "He’s one of them special ones, aren’t you, lil' fella?"
y ec"If by special you mean recommended then yes, sir."
y pf"{size=*0.5}And I'm not that small...{/size}"
st "Huh, how come you’re riding his dick?"
q "Your eyes get wide at the sudden comment and the horse frowns."
st "Not a fan of strong language I see, my bad."
st "I’m just surprised a loner like you has someone tailing them, that’s all."
q "He gives you a little smirk and a head nod."
st "I’m Luis, by the way, nice to meet you."
q "He extends his hand which you accept immediately, but try your hardest to ignore the metallic feel on your fingers."
q "It is almost as hard to ignore as his uncovered torso."
q "He seems to like the attention it brings, as many other students steal glances at him while pretending to look at the array of gems behind him."
y s"Nice to meet you, are you a student? Or perhaps a teacher?"
lu "Nah, neither, just an employee."
lu "I’m here to take care of the gems."
th "Speaking of, he needs a gem, would be lovely if you could do your job."
lu "Oh, like I’ve been doing since early morning?"
q "He gestures to the whole room, many of the students are indeed checking out the new gem they burrowed."
lu "Also, really? You don’t have your own gem? Hard to believe as a recommended one."
y sadsmile"I was scouted for my magic abilities, not summoning expertise."
lu "That would explain it."
y simple"Did the other recommended student not get a gem yet either?"
lu "Y’all got two of them?"
lu "Hardly seems fair."
th "What’s it to you?"
lu "Me personally? Absolutely nothing, but the drama these recommended fellas bring is always fun."
lu "Remember when you came around?"
lu "Half the defenders swore they’ll off themselves since you didn’t join them, heh, that was funny to watch."
y simple"Sheesh…"
lu "It's not every day that the Headmaster himself recommends someone, after all."
y "You were recommended by the Headmaster?"
lu "Might as well call it a formal invitation to join at that point."
th "Can we get on with it? Just get him a shard please."
lu "Fine, full name please?"
y s"My name is [name] [name2]."
lu "[name] [name2], heh, kind of funny, alright, and what level would you say you are with summoning?"
y pf"{size=*0.5}What's so funny about it?{/size}"
lu "Maybe this will be the first time I’ll actually bring out a demon from the back since Therium."
lu "Haven't opened those Demon safes in ages."
y awkward"Uhmm, beginner is fine, haha."
lu "Seriously?"
Th "He said he was scouted for his magic, didn’t he?"
lu "Right right...well, here is our low to intermediate batch."
lu "See if there’s anything you like."
q "The man brings out a box with five shards, rough, small gems, some of them looking like broken glass, and presents them to you."
th "Don’t rush, [name]."
y simple"Let’s see."
q "You hover your hand from one corner to the other, trying to decide, when you all notice one of the gems starting to glow...ever so faintly."
th "Looks like we have a winner."
lu "Huh."
y simple"Something wrong?"
lu "Oh no, it's just that I never saw that one glow before."
lu "I mean, everyone always avoided it anyway since it is broken in half, but still."
q "You pick up the stone and inspect it, it is significantly bigger than the others, but also indeed more damaged, looking like a crescent moon with sharp edges."
y s"I really like it actually, it gives in an interesting shape."
lu "Glad it resonated with you."
lu "Now sign here, and don’t forget to bring it back when you’re done with it, I assume that will be after the auditions."
y ec"Yup, right after."
lu "Nice, good luck on those auditions, magic man."
y "Thanks! See you around, Luis."
lu "I sure hope so."
q "He winks before turning away."
y s"What a nice guy."
th "Yeah, too nice for his own good, poor man."
y simple"What do you mean?"
th "Let's just say he wasn't born without an arm."
q "You walk out and make your way to the actual arena."
q "Thankfully the place is big enough to host the entire academy and another one on top of it, so there are plenty of empty seats even if the event is as popular as it is."
q "Before your butts could even touch the seats properly, the horse’s phone rings, and he excuses himself for a moment."
y bored"Again."
q "The whole arena fills with the voices of the wolf friend of yours and his vice leader raccoon."
y ec"Dallan and Chelsie!"
d "WELCOME TO THIS YEAR'S NEW AND IMPROVED AUDITIONS!"
ch "Allegedly."
d "WE’LL BE KICKING THINGS OFF WITH THE SORCERERS, MORE SPECIFICALLY-"
ch "WOAH WOAH WOAH, EASY THERE PARTNER-"
d "HUH?"
ch "YOU DON’T WANNA PRESENT THE FIRST PARTICIPANT BEFORE YOU FIND OUT MORE ABOUT HOW TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR PRECIOUS FUR!"
d "OH BOY…"
ch "TIRED OF BALDING SPOTS? GOT A NASTY RASH THAT MAKES YOUR ONCE BEAUTIFUL FUR FALL OUT?"
h "Chelsie…"
ch "YOU WANT A GORGEOUS, LUSTROUS MANE AS THIS BREATHTAKING LION SPECIMEN BESIDE ME?"
h "Go on…"
ch "FOR ONLY 398.95 A MONTH, I CAN HELP YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONES-"
q "Her voice trails behind as the voice of another eccentric friend of yours comes in."
T "Hole guy! You came!"
y simple"Hmm? Oh-"
y pf"Yeah yeah...listen, is it allowed for someone to sell unlisted pharmaceutical products on campus?"
t "Huh? Yeah, sure, I don’t know, maybe, no? why?"
t "I’ve done nothing of the sorts, especially not anything related to enlargement pills that worked a little too well on some people."
y "I...Let’s change the subject."
t "Yes! Absolutely, here is Coal, say hi to Coal."
t "My new best friend!"
t "Besides you, of course."
t "A promise I would never give you up, let you down, run around or desert you!"
t "Coal is great but you're my number one, [name]!"
co "{i}{size=*0.5}I don't even know his name, help.{/size}{/i}"
q "For the first time you notice the politely smiling panther next to him."
y smug"Oh, hey again."
co "Hi, [name]."
t "Oh, you know each other? Great, don’t need to continue boring introductions."
t "So, you’re auditioning too for the summoners!"
t "Me and Coal will demolish the competition for the sorcerers, sorry to say but we’ll be the center of attention today."
co "There is no competition...it’s auditions."
t "That’s what losers say to feel better."
t "We’re the first ones on the list, make sure to cheer for us!"
y s"Oh I sure will, you’ll definitely hear me all the way from here."
t "That’s the spirit!"
d "WITHOUT FURTHER ADO! Hopefully…"
co "This is our queue."
t "Yup yup."
y ec"Good luck!"
q "The cat is the first one to jump into the arena, and his task is to simply destroy a dummy with magic."
q "Easier said than done...the dummy being a four meters tall snake like wooden structure enforced with metal armor and weapons."
q "Even so...the cat had absolutely no problem with it, none whatsoever."
q "He simply shot a spell at the dummy, which made it teleport high into the air, and the rest of the damage was done by gravity."
q "Next thing the audience knows, the dummy is in pieces, non functional."
q "Cheers can be heard all around, clearly a crowd favorite, but not as many cheers as the panther got."
q "His peculiar device didn’t seem like much, but as soon as the bell ran, a laser beam shot from its mouth and the dummy just...disintegrated."
q "Students have up to ten minutes to complete the auditions, and they did it in seconds."
q "With the shock you kind of forgot to cheer...but it’s fine, they wouldn’t have heard you anyway, let’s be honest."
q "Soon, the horse comes back among the applause and sits back next to you."
q "There isn’t much talking involved for the next hour or so, each sorcerer gets their turn and most, if not all of them look like they’re going to pass, all of them have great magical powers."
q "The headmaster seems pleased, but even more so the gracious white fox Merina, the Sorcerer’s leader together with their vice leader, Oliver."
q "Those two were jumping with joy, literally."
q "At last, the announcers call forward the first summoner."
Q "Groans can be heard throughout the arena."
d "WE PROMISE THIS SEGMENT WILL BE OVER QUICKLY, BUT IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO OFFER OUR TALENTED COLLEAGUES THE RESPECT AND ATTENTION THEY DESERVE."
y simple"Why is everyone upset?"
th "The summoner's auditions can be...a bit boring, definitely less interesting than sorcerers."
y "What is the capability expectation like for first years?"
th "I probably mentioned it before, but as long as you can even show a connection to the gem you pass. A glow, a puff of smoke, a sound, anything really."
th "So it's understandable that watching dozens of students doing almost nothing is not very entertaining."
y "Why can't we all Summoner first years do our auditions at the same time? Since it's so quick but boring."
th "That is exactly how we used to do it. Everyone gets into a room and try to summon a Nightfallen."
th "The whole ordeal would be done in minutes."
th "But the Headmaster really wants to study each individual in particular, for some reason."
y bored"I think the reason is pretty clear, he needs some overtime money by doing this meaningless wate of time."
th "Heh, he might as well."
q "For the next couple of minutes, which feel like hours, you play with the little gem you picked earlier, trying to keep that faint connection you had with it."
q "The horse sees you and pets you on the head as a sign of encouragement."
q "You slouch down into the chair more and more as yet another summoner is being called into the arena."
q "Five students so far, zero Nightfallen yet seen, but that might change now, seeing who is being presented."
y simple"Hey is that-"
th "Yup."
d "NEXT UP, ALVY! ONE OF OUR BELOVED RECOMMENED STUDENTS!"
y smug"Beloved, ey?"
th "{size=*0.5}Let's see what you're on about, doggy.{/size}"
q "The arena has been quiet for a while, but with this announcement, murmurs start to stir up as a little dog emerges in the midst of all."
q "He walks confidentily, yet his eyes betray timidity."
q "He is now face to face with the same dummy snake his peers had to face."
q "Clean, untouched, untarnished wooden snake structure. His target."
q "Patiently waiting for the bell until..."
q "The dummy moves for the first time since the auditions started, perhaps considering its opponent a real threat."
q "But it is already too late."
q "The dog grabs three gems of various sizes and colors from his pocket, concentrating for a moment just like all the other students before him..."
q "And then-"
q "Three large, feral creatures spawn around him."
q "He orders the feline and canine to attack the raging dummy, while the third...thing protects him from any incoming attacks, which mostly consist of cannonballs."
y surprised"Wow, three for the price of one."
th "Is that it?"
q "Your partner seems disappointed, almost angry at the display, clutching the armrests of his seat with his nai- claws, sharp claws that you only now notice for the first time."
I-is he expecting something more than that? Is he expecting something more than that FROM ME?!
Be reasonable man!
q "Anxiety returns again to haunt you, but you keep your attention to the summoner in the arena."
q "The two attacking Nightfallen are quick, and attack the dummy viciously."
y simple"What kind of Nightfallen even are those?"
th "The feral type."
y pf"Oh. Duh."
y "Uhm, where do they fall on the Nightfallen chart again?"
th "Just bellow the Wildfurs, they have some inteligence but not enough to be considered smart, nor do they posses enough people-like qualities to advance."
y simple"I'm surprised I haven't seen many of those."
th "They're usually treated like wild animals more so than Nightfallen, since their gems are less valuable than a mimic's, but they're great for summoning..."
q "While that exposition and lore dropping takes place, the fight- or more like the show- is over."
q "The dummy is no more, only scraps of metal from it's armor remains in the sand, and the three Nightfallen already disappearing into smoke."
ch "Sure, just violate my baby I worked so far on just like all those sorcerers, who cares?"
q "The dog looks around for a moment, waiting for a response from the silent crowd when-"
q "The whole arena errupts in cheers."
q "Cheers louder than any sorcerer got so far, most likely because everyone was so bored until this point, and you join in as well."
y laugh"YEAAAAAHHHH! GOOOD JOOOOOOOB! THAT'S MY MATE! MY SHARD MATE THAT IS! NOT MY ACTUAL MATE! WE DON'T KNOW EACH OTHER LIKE THAT-"
th "I think you should stop."
y pf"Yeah I should..."
y smug"But come on, admit it, that was impressive."
th "I saw better displays."
y "Right...Luis did say you summoned a demon at your auditions."
th "Guilty as charged, but I've seen other talented people as well."
d "THAT WAS AN INCREDIBLE DISPLAY OF POWER FROM A FIRST YEAR! LET’S SEE SOMEONE TOP THAT!"
y smug"That probably won't be me."
ch "NEXT IN LINE IS: [NAME]!"
y smug"Fuck my life."
th "Your turn, good luck, make your vice leader proud."
y awkward"I will certainly try."
q "You step inside the arena with more anxiety than you’ve ever felt in your life, borderline panic attack, but as you trace your finger along the gem’s ridges, it calms you down a notch."
y sadsmile"Please little Nightfallen, I don’t know what you are, who you are or how you are, but please come out and show yourself."
y "No need to fight, no need to work, just be pretty, I believe in you, and myself."
q "With those last words something peculiar seemed to happen, the gem glowed bright blue only for a moment and a cold shiver coursed through you."
q "Then…"
q "The bell rings."
y "The moment of truth."
q "The arena is quiet, everyone waiting with held breath for you to do something similar to the other recommended student and…"
q "The gem glows brightly, light blue smoke making the appearance of a small, floating creature, a child of light."
q "It might not be the coolest Nightfallen ever seen, and it will certainly not demolish a dummy with its powers, but it is undoubtedly cute."
q "The crowd seems to agree, as sounds of {i}‘awww’{/i} can be heard all around."
q "From up close it is almost blinding, but beautiful, the way it floats there, eyes closed and eepy."
q "After getting over your own shock oand awe, you reabsorb the creature into the gem, then with a final bow signal the end of your audition."
q "A quick, effective and entertaining display."
q "The people in the arena might not be as loud as the ones applauding for the dog before you, but they were still not shy to show their excitement for your talents, as simple as they were."
q "Seems like it was a success after all."
q "You go back to your seat, almost skipping along with happiness."
y laugh"I did it!"
th "I knew you could do it!"
y smug"Did you really think?"
th "Well I’d lie if I said I didn’t have my doubts, but it worked out in the end, some faith was still there."
th "Unfortunately the rest of the auditions will most likely not be as exciting as yours or... the dog's."
y ec"Then let’s get out of here!"
th "I wish, but I’m the vice leader, I have to pay close attention to each audition and grade them afterwards."
th "Especially since we don’t have a leader present yet."
y sadsmile"Aww...in that case I’ll-"
th "You really don’t have to stay too, [name], I won’t be able to talk much while concentrating here and I’m afraid you’ll just get the same mind numbing boredom I’ll get for no reason."
th "Go have some fun and we’ll meet each other after."
y "Alright...if you think that’s best."
y "See you in a bit."
q "He nods while smiling and you part ways."
y bored"I want a snack."
y s"I heard there is a snack baaaaar- this way!"
y ec"Bingo!"
y "Nice! They have the tea he likes, last two cups as well, Therium will-"
y simple"Uhmm, maybe he’ll have to waaait?"
q "You come face to face with two figures, hastily taking as many snacks and filling a bag with them, mostly cookies and other pastries, but their paws also graze the cups."
q "The tiger and cat, partners in crime, all three of you freeze in place, watching each other with wide eyes, nobody else in the room."
y simple"Hey..Aiden, Tate."
a "Hi."
t "Hey again."
y "Lovely day we’re having."
t "We need these foooor….secrets."
Y "I didn’t even ask about those yet."
T "Good, because they’re for us, just for us, two gluttons."
y "Ok?"
t "Don’t tell Dallan please."
y "Why? I thought those are just for you."
q "The tiger intervenes."
A "Hey, we heard there was some kind of...Nightfallen attack drill in town?"
a "People said it was fun to watch, but I’ve never heard of a drill like that before."
t "Didn’t they say it was like a show?"
a "All they said is that a snow leopard and a horse were the ones that reassured them."
t "Hmmmm, what do you have to say, [name]?"
y pf"Oh, that...uhmm."
Shoot, what do I say?
I know the truth, it was not a drill at all, but Therium doesn’t want anyone to panic, and I’m not sure if these two are part of the people who shouldn’t know.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Therium did it as a test for me.
→ We were suddenly attacked!
→ About those snacks…
--- END CHOICES ---

y simple"Alright...so, I’m gonna go now, and not ask anymore things about what you’re up to and doing with those."
t "Sounds good to me."
y "And you’ll keep quiet about what you just asked me as well…"
a "Never even heard a thing."
y bored"And leave the last two boba drinks."
t "B-but-"
a "It's not worth it, just leave them."
y smug"Great, thanks, so…"
y "Bye now."
y ec"Heeey, got you a drink, last two cups, had to bargain for them too."
q "You hand him one of the drinks and he seems...stunned."
Th "Oh...thanks."
q "He accepts it a bit reluctantly but gratefully."
th "You remembered I like these."
y ec"Of course!"
th "What did you 'bargain' for them?"
y "Oh...just some, secrets."
th "I saw you talk with Aiden and Tate."
th "Did they ask about the incident?"
y awkward"You did? I thought you couldn’t take your eyes off the arena."
th "Who said I did?"
y pf"That’s a creepy response, do I want to ask more? Probably not."
y s"Anyway, yeah, I did, but they had their own dirty secrets to hide, so I got away."
th "Heh, good, you’re a cunning one, aren’t you?"
y smug"I try my best."
y s"How are the others doing?"
th "All of them seem to pass so far, except for one guy that doesn’t have any magic, I’m not really sure why he decided to try to enter into the Shard with magic at its core but who am I to judge, beside the...vice leader."
y "Maybe it’s a dream of his to be in this Shard."
th "Who knows what the common folk think."
q "You sit back and watch more students audition as you suck the sweet pearls from the cup one by one."
q "The horse did not lie, this truly is a boring experience, most participants would go inside the arena to do...nothing."
q "Or almost nothing, except puffing out some smoke from their gems."
y simple"Oh, I almost forgot, I should go give the gem back."
th "Hurry, it seems we’re near the end of the auditions, at last."
q "You walk down the stairs and then more stairs into the summoner's gem burrowing cellar."
q "The man behind the counter is already waiting for you."
lu "Hey [name], you remembered to bring it back, how did it go?"
y ec"Amazing actually! I managed to summon whatever Nightfallen was inside this."
lu "Nice! So you really are worthy of being recommended, maybe I should’ve given you a more advanced gem."
y pf"That would not have been preferable, no…"
lu "Heh, I’m just kidding, is Therium not going to grace me with his presence?"
y s"He’s still busy with watching the auditions, doubt he’ll come here just for a chat."
lu "Yeah, he does not like talking for the sake of talking, I’ll tell you that much."
lu "Anyway, good luck on your summoning journey, hopefully soon you won’t need to borrow a gem from me."
y ec"I hope so too, thanks again!"
q "You wave goodbye and run back up to the horse’s place."
q "As soon as you got between the crowd, you could feel the sigh of relief all around making the air itself warmer."
y bored"Thank God it’s over."
th "Yeah, definitely thank him."
th "I think I'll send my scores a bit later, for now..."
th "Lunch?"
Th "We have an appointment in an hour, just enough to grab a bite, maybe on the way there even."
Y surprised"Appointment?"
Y s"What do you have in mind this time?"
th "Well, spending time with you made me realize you’re always a little tense."
th "Like having a critter on your shoulder that pushes you down."
y bored"You can say that."
un "You’re thinking of me, and if that thought doesn’t disappear soon I’ll snap your neurons in half."
y smug"And let me guess, your treat again?"
th "I would never let my prince pay for things he wholeheartedly deserves."
y s"Do I deserve five werewolf shards?"
th "Don’t push it."
y smug"Worth a shot."
q "You and the horse make your way through the town's bustling streets, heading towards this spa he talks about so nicely about. "
q"The town, alive with the chatter of locals and the gentle clatter of daily life, after all, it is the afternoon, the middle of the week and a big event is taking place in the middle of town, of course the streets are as busy as they can be."
q "On the way you also grabbed a couple of street food items, mostly meat filled pastries with some kind of sweet and sour sauce."
th "You’ll love it, it’s going to make wonders for these stiff shoulders of yours."
y pf"Are they that stiff?"
th "And maybe they’ll get to relax your jaw and eyebrows."
y "Are my face muscles looking tense?"
th "The more I look the more problems I see."
q "He circles you with a confused expression, poking and grabbing your fur from every angle, but you stop him when he raises your tail."
y worried"Ok! I get it! I am super stressed, but can you blame me?"
th "Absolutely not, you have all the reasons to be stressed, but this place should solve everything."
th "It’s a very popular spot for students specifically