q "The few clouds in the sky seem to disappear and the sun warms your fur with each step taken in its rays."
q "You keep a step behind your new friend, watching him walk with his tail barely swinging, a tail that separates a pair of powerful thighs, of which you just can’t take your eyes from."
q "His tight top, sleeveless shirt remains almost unmoved in the walking motion, making you wonder how it is pinned down."
q "Perhaps it’s a special material, or it’s a one piece? But thinking about how the strip of fabric surrounds the guy’s crotch is not the best idea at the moment."
q "One thing you do remember to take your mind away from lewd thoughts, is a creepy, cloaked figure that might or might not show up around the next corner, behind you, or even outside, looking in."
q "Noticing your awkward fidgeting, the horse finally decides to stop his intentional silent treatment, performed to tease an anxious, shy individual like you, successfully at that too."
q "By his reaction you assume he enjoys doing this to first years for fun."
Th "You know, [name], I’m so glad you decided to join us."
th "What exactly made you take a decision like that?"
th "Usually first years with magical abilities simply join the Sorcery Shard, it’s more versatile, some would say more fun too."
y awkward"I just like… uhm, summoning?"
th "Really?"
th "Say, what is a summoner’s job?"
Y "Uhmm, summon Nightfallen to help? Duh."
Th "Woah there cutie, easy on the details."
y blush"Cutie?"
th "To help with what?"
y pf"Hhhouse chooooores?"
th "You don’t usually summon Nightfallen inside a house, it’s a tiny bit illegal."
y simple"Oh..."
Y bored"Alright, I...don’t know much about summoning."
Y "I just found out I have magic like three years ago."
q"He stops dead in his tracks and says nothing, just turns around, slowly, smiles warmly and looks you up and down."
th "That won’t do."
th "Come with me."
y simple"Ooook?"
q "He gently grabs your hand and makes you hurry along with him."
q "Shortly, the academy’s front gates are left behind, and the busy town’s life takes its place."
q "People walking by, bees and butterflies still bothering the flowers that decorate the shops and houses, simply a nice day for a walk with a handsome man."
th "Are you thirsty, [name]?"
y smug"For men…"
th "What?"
y awkward"What? I mean, yeah, kind of."
q "You both stop by a cafe and he pulls out a chair for you."
y ec"Thank you."
q "A minute after he brings out two large cups of liquid and offers you one, together with a thick straw and a plate of pastries, both sweet and savory."
th "Boba tea?"
y s"Ah, I heard about these but they don’t sell them where I’m from…"
th "Then I would not survive there."
q "You follow his example and stab the straw through the thin plastic lid."
q "Upon sucking the liquid, soft balls of sweetness enter your mouth, as well as a strong taste of coconut milk and vanilla."
q "It’s more of a neat, sweetness bomb than tea, but it is enjoyable nonetheless."
y boba"It’s good, really good."
th "This is my favorite drink, the milky cold tea and the chewy sweet pearls are everything I want in a snack or beverage."
y "I can see why, it’s delicious, can’t believe I never had anything like it in the city."
th "That’s the power of local businesses."
q "You spend some time in blissful quietness, with only the hubbub of the streets and nature to bother you and enjoying the little lunch break."
q "The light wind ruffles your fur and cools you down from the prevailing summer sun."
q "It is a peaceful day, so peaceful that you almost ignore your partner’s words."
th "What do you think of the town? The academy?"
y "Huh? Oh, I’ve only been here for a day, less than that, a few hours, but...I really like it already."
y "Not hearing any car honks or engines is nice, and the air is so clean."
y "Not to mention you have these delights sold here, heh."
q "You shake the ice in the soon empty cup."
q "The horse giggles together with you, but quickly switches to a more serious tone."
Th "[name]...you need a reason."
y "A reason?"
th "What do you live for, what do you strive for? What do you fight for?"
th "Why do you want to be a summoner?"
y "That’s a weird way of asking, why?"
th "You see…"
th "Slayers are either sex driven or bloodlust driven, they want to put their hands on Nightfallen one way or another."
th "Alternatively, some just want to have the easiest classes and be the most likely to graduate."
th "Defenders want to protect people, to be helpful in combating Nightfallen through other means than just murdering them."
y "Murder?"
th "I meant...killing them."
th "Defenders are also in the business to have the glory and the money of a hunter, but not actually interacting much with Nightfallen, most aristocrats and noble families become defenders."
th "Even if defending people is the last thing on their minds."
th "Sorcerers are somewhat of a jack of all traits, depending on their abilities, but most of them are either here to sharpen their craft… or just looking for fun and adventure."
th "You’ll see that everyone fits into a mold around here."
y "A good and bad mold?"
th "If you want to see it that way."
y "What about summoners?"
q "He thinks for a second, readying to respond before stopping himself last second."
th "That is for you to decide."
th "And for others to judge."
Why do I want to be a summoner...if it weren’t for Scribbles...would I still want to be one?
th "Of course, whatever your response is, it’s not like I’ll throw you out or anything, it just depends on how I see you in my own eyes."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Why? Hmmm...
→ I feel a special bond with Nightfallen.
→ I made a promise to a friend.
→ It simply calls to me.
--- END CHOICES ---

th "I see…"
th "Well then."
th "I know what we shall do now."
y "What is that?"
y surprised"Woah-"
q "Therium grabs your hand, taking both empty cups of tea and throwing them in the trash can, before starting to power-walk with you behind."
y "Where are we going?"
th "A place outside the barrier, a special place."
y s"What kind of place?"
th "I’m going to teach you some basics about summoning."
th "Whatever the reason is you want to be one, I can’t just let you fail tomorrow’s auditions."
th "It would be a shame if a recommended student switched Shards so soon."
y "That's awesome but why are we in such a hurry."
q "He slows down and lets go of your hand, which you now realize kind of hurts…"
q "However, his accidental strength does the exact opposite of scaring you, of course."
un bored"Whore."
You’re not allowed to intervene in the narration!
un "You do it all the time!"
Shut up and continue.
th "You’re right, sorry, I got a bit excited."
th "I don’t often take someone under my wing."
q "Seeing the stoic horse show genuine emotion makes you feel...nice. Just a warm feeling that can’t be described surges through you."
q "He stops walking and turns towards you."
q "The back of his palm suddenly touches your forehead as his other hand holds your head in place."
th "Strange, I didn’t make any lewd remarks in a while, yet your body temperature is unusually high, are you feeling alright?"
y sadsmile"Yeah, of course, it’s just kind of hot outside, you know? Especially with all this fur."
q "He smiles while caressing his bare, short furred arm."
th "Can’t relate."
th "But no worries, the place I’m taking you to is cool and shaded."
q"Your little walk continues for another minute or so, until the edge of the barrier and the beginning of the forest comes into sight."
q "He grabs your hand again and goes first through the barrier, sucking you out too."
y surprised"Ah!" with hpunch
q "The force of the field is high enough to make you stumble, but he didn’t hold your hand for nothing, as he caught you in his chest."
y blush"I don’t think I deserve a personal chest airbag."
th "Why not? You’re our little special recommended student, you deserve whatever you desire."
q "He brushes off that last statement, leading the way further as if nothing has been said, but for some reason, you can’t shake the words off."
y simple"Uhmm, why exactly do we deserve the best?"
th "The Headmaster made it quite clear that we have to treat you four very well, to put it simply."
th "And they didn’t have to tell us, leaders and vice leaders twice, because as I said before, it benefits us to have you in our Shard."
y "I see."
th "You seem disappointed."
th "I hope you don’t think that’s the only reason I want to hang out with you."
th "It takes more than an old, bossy lion to make me do something I don’t want to do."
y s"That’s reassuring, but if that’s not the case...why are you...you know, spending so much time for my sake?"
y sadsmile"Sorry if I’m a bit negative here, but I don’t have much to offer."
th "You’ll learn that there are very easy and straightforward answers to many complicated questions."
q "The horse takes a couple of quickened steps and jumps over a big, fallen tree trunk, offering you his hand as you approach."
th "The answer to that question is…"
q "He pulls your hand hard, catching you for the third time in his arms today."
th "You’re cute."
q "You can’t help but blush, almost hard enough to be visible through your fur, lasting for as long as his half closed eyes linger on your flustered face."
q "He lets go after a moment and takes a step back, waiting for a reaction to something specific."
q "With all this self doubt and meaningless conversation you didn’t pay attention to where exactly he’s taking you."
blur 16
q "You only now notice the forest that turned into a clearing surrounded by bushes and tall mossy boulders, as well as some people-made objects."
q "A couple of benches and coffee tables, clearly made by amateurs, some scarecrows or perhaps makeshift target dummies."
q "A soft breeze ruffles your fur as you look around, noticing the best feature of this place: The cool air and shade from the never-ending summer sun."
th "What do you think? It’s not much, but I’m proud of it."
y s"It looks nice and feels even better."
y "Is this your personal, secluded forest getaway?"
y "It’s a pretty popular trope in romance fanfiction-"
y awkward"Not that I’m that familiar with that topic...*cough cough*."
un "Cool new plans for myself, ransack your mind for all that gay smut."
Please don’t…
un "Eh, don’t have time anyway, gotta continue the commentary."
{i}*Phew.*{/i}
q "The horse chuckles."
th "Wouldn’t say it’s necessarily ‘mine’ per se, but I was the one to come up with the idea and coordinate the work."
th "It’s a special place for the summoners to come together and hang out, or practice, or study."
th "Of course summoning ‘for fun’ is not allowed inside a barrier, but here we’re free to do whatever we want."
y angry"Shut the fuck up!"
th "Excuse me?"
y awkward"S-sorry, that was directed at this beauty right here!"
q "Your gaze falls on a tire swing hanging from a low sturdy branch."
q "Memories of your childhood come rushing in, and the desire to ride something that is not a man for the first time takes over."
q "At least your reaction is accepted by the horse, as you run towards the swing."
th "Ah, that, heh."
q "He watches as you walk around the swing, contemplating how to use it."
un "Although the courtesy would be to ask if you can use it in the first place…"
y sadsmile"Uhm, may I?"
th "I’d be insulted if you didn’t try it, let me help."
q "He bends down and lets you use his hands as a stool, the tire being hung unusually high."
q "You put your legs through the hole one by one, then hold tight as the rope makes the tire swing and rotate uncontrollably for a moment."
q "You look at his grateful eyes, as he leans on the nearby tree, taking the responsibility of pushing you lightly, over and over since your feet don’t touch the ground."
th "How do you feel?"
y ec"Ten years younger."
th "I can see that by your beautiful smile."
q "You get flustered again, for the...I lost count, as your legs swing playfully like a nine year old."
th "Isn’t it curious how a thing so simple can bring so much joy to the most unexpected people?"
y smug"Am I that unexpected?"
th "Just because you’re shorter with a thin and sexy body, doesn’t mean it doesn’t come with a bit of a surprise."
q "You know it, I know it, everybody knows it, your face is once again, red as...something very red."
q "Like fresh tuna, yes."
Q "From now on, every time you get flustered or embarrassed from someone complimenting you, I’ll play this sound:"
...
Please, for all that is sacred, choose another sound.
q "Eh, fine, I'll use this one then:"
...
q "I just need any sound so I don’t have to make meaningless comments on your feelings all the time."
Understandable.
y s"Were you against the idea of a swing?"
q "Therium looks over the swing for a moment before responding."
th "It was my idea, actually."
y surprised"Really?"
th "Yes, why? Just because I’m a bit bigger than you physically doesn’t mean I don’t like fun."
th "Besides, I’m only a year older than you."
y sadsmile"It’s just that you’re so proper, kind of like Dallan, but less tied down by rules."
th "Heh, if you ask anyone, they’d tell you it’s an honor to be compared to that wolf."
y simple"But...not you?"
th "I like Dallan, if that’s what you’re asking."
y "But there is something about his ways you don’t agree, is that right?"
q "He looks surprised."
th "My, you are one smart cookie."
th "To be honest, I just have different views on the world, compared to other people."
th "It doesn’t start with the Defender’s leader and it doesn’t end with him either."
th "In any case, let’s change the topic."
th "I assume you must have many questions."
y ec"Yes! Oh man, so many, such as..uhmm, this will definitely sound dumb, but how do I even summon something?"
th "Ha, it’s not dumb at all, first years are not expected to be able to summon anyone until the end of the first semester."
y s"Ah, that’s good to know."
th "Do you have any summoning crystals?"
y "Nope."
q "He looks surprised."
q "You search through the backpack upon seeing his reaction."
y sadsmile"W-well, I had one I was using as a flashlight once, uhmm, it must be here somewhere, but it’s probably dull at this point."
th "No, don’t bother, the ones used for light don’t work for summoning."
y simple"Oh."
th "Huh, so you really don’t know anything, do you?"
y pf"Ouch."
th "Sorry, I mean, nothing about summoning, I was just expecting a recommended student to have at least some knowledge."
y s"I was mostly chosen based on my magic alone."
y "I never really expected to actually join the Summoners."
th "So what made you change your mind?"
y pf"A...a friend, I suppose."
th "A friend?"
y s"Yeah, he’s a big fan of Summoners and Nightfallen, but it’s a delicate matter."
th "I see."
th "Well, a little context then:"
th "We have the day to day energy crystals, the ones we buy at the store, prices don’t even reach triple digits usually."
th "Do you know where those types are collected?"
y simple"I assume from weak Nightfallen?"
th "Bingo, the weakest of them all, some slimes here and there, maybe a low tier mimic."
th "Those can store energy like a battery within them and are the only ones that can be easily recharged by simply not using them for a while."
th "Obviously they don’t have that much power to them, only used for flashlights, lightbulbs and such."
y "I’ve seen people summon weak Nightfallen too, how do they do that?"
th "Not any crystal can be used for summoning."
th "Their gems must be collected with care to be used for summoning, if the Nightfallen was killed, the gem is lifeless."
th "Nothing more than wasteful energy."
y "Oh...so we don’t kill them?"
th "We’ll leave the killing to the Slayers and Sorcerers, we’re here for the fun part."
y pf"So do we still…"
th "Fuck them? Yes."
y blush"Great- I mean, good to know!"
th "Heh."
th "As a summoner you’ll learn more about that over time."
th "We could go back to the academy and get some for your level…"
q "I smell a choice menu coming up."

--- CHOICES ---
→ What about those auditions, ey?
→ What? That's the only question you can think of?
→ Who designed this menu?
→ Oh, wait, there's another one!
→ Nevermind...
→ I hate it here...
→ How about your own Nightfallen?
→ Would you look at that, I was wrong, there is another choice.
--- END CHOICES ---

th "This year I’ve heard the Headmaster wants to do them publicly."
th "The summoning auditions are never very fun to watch, at least not for first years, since as I said before, most of them don’t manage to summon much."
th "After that it’s practice sessions for everybody else."
y s"Will you partake in a practice session?"
th "No, that’s once again only for the fresh meat."
y "How about your own crystals? Do you have any?"
q "Once again, your question stuns him for a fraction of a second."
th "I do...but, they’re too advanced for you."
y sadsmile"Can you at least demonstrate what I have to do?"
q "He thinks some more."
th "Fine, I have one you might like."
th "Here, let me show you."
q "He takes out a small gem, keeping it tight between his fingers in front of you, but at a safe distance."
th "First, the most important thing is knowledge, you need to know who you’re about to summon."
th "It is impossible for you to, let’s say, steal my crystal without knowing what kind of Nightfallen resides inside it."
y worried"I would never do that!"
th "I know sweetie, it’s rhetorical."
y simple"Yeah, but still, who would want to steal someone else’s Nightfallen?"

--- CHOICES ---
→ You’re right.
→ I don’t think so.
--- END CHOICES ---

q "The horse keeps pushing your tire away gently each time you come close to him, and you’re having more fun on the swing than you’d like to admit."
th "Now, as per your earlier request, my lord:"
q "He concentrates for a moment, then the blue gem in his hand starts to glow, an animalistic figure getting conjured at his feet."
th "Meet Sparky."
q "An alien-like puppy appears, panting its tongue and immediately jumping at its owner's feet asking for attention."
y sadsmile"Awwwww!"
y "Can I...pet him?"
th "Sure, he likes strangers."
q "You reach down and place the tip of your fingers on its forehead, the fur is soft, but thick, with an almost otherworldly texture, if you closed your eyes to ignore its antennas or multiple eye sockets, you’d definitely think it’s a dog of some sort."
q "This makes you a tad sad, something that the horse notices fast."
th "What’s wrong? Is he so much weirder than you thought he’d be?"
y "No...the opposite in fact."
y "I think it’s sad someone would kill this little fella."
y "Considering it’s not even the kind you can, umm, charge with energy."
th "True, his gem wouldn’t even be able to generate enough power to power a light bulb."
th "And they can’t procreate either so there’s no reason to get rid of them."
y simple"It does raise some questions."
th "You know what, that’s the kind of stuff they’ll teach you about later on, there was never a year when somebody didn’t give the Ethics professor a major headache."
th "Do you know Chelsie?"
y "The Defender’s Shard viceleader, what about her?"
th "When she was a first year, one of the first things she did in her second semester was release all the captured Nightfallen from their crystals."
y "How did she do that? And more importantly why?"
th "She is magicless, so technically she didn’t do it, but she convinced someone to help her."
th "She agreed to stop and help recapture them after her scholarship was on the line."
th "As for why?"
th "The morality of the common, uninformed people got to her, to put it simply."
y "What does that mean?"
th "Cruelty against any living being, no matter the reason, is seen as a sin for anyone that doesn’t work in the field, that don’t know any better."
th "And you know what they say, if you can’t beat them, join them."
q "You nod in understanding."
y "The person who helped her-"
th "No idea, couldn’t tell you even if I wanted to."
y s"It was you."
q "For the first time, such sudden information coming from you doesn’t stun him anymore, he keeps quiet and looks down at the little Nightfallen, continuing to smile as he did before."
th "It was I, indeed."
th "I suppose I’m the main bad guy in that story now."
y "Not at all."
th "huh?"
y "Well, both of you did what you thought was right, and since nobody was hurt and it seems like you’ve never done it again either, you’re all good in my eyes."
th "Hmm."
th "You know, [name], I don’t think I gave you enough credit."
th "Not knowing anything about summoning doesn’t make you less important than someone else."
y pf"Did...did someone say something about me?"
th "Well, this is a bit of a secret, but if you promise not to tell anyone, I don’t mind sharing."
y s"I promise, now who’s the traitor?"
th "Do you remember Alvy? The other recommended student of the bunch?"
q "Your mind cringes remembering your earlier encounter."
y awkward"Yep, something sounds familiar about that name."
th "He’s going to join us, as a summoner."
y "Ooooohhh, that’s just greeaaaaaat...we’ll be in the same Shard, every day, all year, for five years, can’t wait."
Th "I’ve met Alvy as well, and I must say, you two have a lot in common."
y simple"How so?"
Th "First years, recommended students, shy, extremely cute and very talented in summoning."
y surprised"I’m not talented! I literally know nothing!"
th "Really? Not knowing how, doesn’t mean being unable to."
q "The puppy Nightfallen transforms into blue smoke and vanishes into the crystal."
th "Now you try, I’ll hold onto it and help you when needed."
q "You do as he says, reaching for the crystal with your fingers and thinking really hard about the small Nightafllen, trying to will it into existence."
q"You try to summon it as well, but something feels wrong."
q"Something about the crystal reminds you of...me."
q"At that moment, a small shock zaps the crystal, launching the puppy Nightfallen outside like a projectile." with hpunch
y worried"AH!"
y "Sparky! I’m sorry!"
q "Thankfully, the Nightfallen’s fall was highly reduced by the thick bushes and soft grass bed."
q "It comes back quickly, wagging its tail and breathing heavily with its tongue out, switching its attention away from his master for the first time."
th "It looks like he liked that."
th "And you."
q "The puppy runs around you trying to jump on your lap as you lightly swing back and forth, scratching your pants with its dull claws."
th "Alright, that’s enough."
q "He recalls the Nightfallen and gives you a curious look."
th "hmm..."
q"He grabs your tie as the swing gets close to him, holding you in place, and gets his face closer."
y blush2"W-whoa-"
q "Your snouts are only an inch apart, making your lips just as close, but his burning eyes make you stay away, even if they only contain curiosity and a bit of mischief."
th "Are you sure you’ve never done this before, [name]?"
q"A soft smile across his face, delicate, with a hint of slyness."
q"You can’t help but fill both cheeks with the warmth of blood as your eyes try not to widen too much."
y "I-I swear!"
y "I’ve never even held a summoning gem before, only the mundane day-to-day ones."
y "I’m not sure how I did it."
th "Interesting."
th "What are your powers, if I may ask?"
y"Energy manipulation!"
q"You reply hastily as if his simple question was an order."
q"He chuckles."
th "And you dare think even for a second you have no talent."
th "[name], you’ll be summoning Savage Furs out of these crystals in no time."
q"The tension in the air suddenly drops with your tie, the gentle swings of the tire rejoining its lazy trajectory."
y simple"What does that have to do with anything?"
un bored"It means you’re a special bitch, congrats."
th "Energy users are supposed, in theory, to have a very strong connection to these crystals that Nightfallen reside in."
th "I can’t say too much on the topic, since not much is known about it."
Th "There are like, what? Ten, fifteen people like you in the world?"
th "Needless to say, you’re in luck."
y sadsmile"It’s hard to believe I’m anything special…"
y "After all, all I can really do with my magic is throw some energy balls that leave me exhausted and charge phones, maybe give you a little zap too, but that’s about it."
th "You don’t need to be able to use spells to summon, all you need is a large magic pool, which you have plenty of, it seems."
th "But nevermind the Nightfallen and magic talk."
th "About those auditions, I was going to put a good word for you in case you really were as worthless as you keep saying you are."
y simple"Ouch, I stand by my words, but ouch."
th "I doubt that’s true."
th "In any case, I also doubt there is anything that can keep you out of the Shard."
th "We’d be fools to refuse you."
y blush"Stop, you’re making me blush."
th "Have I not been doing that with my flirting attempts earlier? Shame on me, I’m getting old."
y blush2"No you’re not! I-I mean, it works, trust me, it works really well, I’m just a bit overwhelmed."
y blush"I’m not, umm, used to this kind of stuff."
th "Are you saying you weren’t the heartthrob of your friend group?"
y "Not by a mile."
y pf"{size=*0.5}I’d need friends for that.{/size}"
th "What was that?"
y awkward"I’m just mumbling, hey, here’s a seamless subject change for no reason in particular:"
y "What is the gem you keep as an earring?"
th "This old thing?"
th "I use it to summon objects mostly."
th"I keep it close, since, you know, objects are not banned inside the barrier, Nightfallen are."
y surprised"That is so useful! So like a dimensional pocket?"
th "Not quite, since these objects are not real, they disappear after a short while."
th "I can use a stool to get something from a high place, a rock to throw at somebody, or even-"
y simple"A what?"
q "He touches his earring and a beautiful blue rose in full bloom appears in his hand."
th "Give pretty boys a parting gift."
pause 0.5
pause 0.5
q "You look at the rose with a surprised awkward smile, not knowing what to do, neither about the flower nor with your flustered face."
q "You get a hand free from the tire swing and reach for the rose."
y blush"W-well, if you insist, and if this really is goodbye-"
q "More blue smoke makes it dissolve back into the crystal."
th "Of course, that’s what I’ll give you when we finally part ways, which won’t happen now."
y blush2"Huh?"
th "Dinner time approaches, and I want to treat you, there is no way I’m letting you slip through my fingers just like that."
q "With all the Summoning talk, the fun swing and the sexy man in front of you, you haven’t even realized that the sun is soon to come down."
y sadsmile"I’m...really enjoying your company, so I’ll take you up on that offer."
y "It also helps that I’m super hungry, our snack break did not make up for skipping lunch."
th "That’s why I must atone for my sin, keeping you hungry or in need is not something I ever want to do."
y blush"You sure have a way with words."
th "Judging by your red face it’s in a good way?"
y smug"No comment."
y simple"Although, isn’t it still a bit early to go?"
y "I feel like we’ll be the first and only ones eating that early."
th "We have an important stop before dinner, and it might take some time."
q "Your mind filters out his last sentence, for the sake of food."
Y s"Where are we going to eat? I bet this town has many great places."
th "The cafeteria is a nice place, a bit crowded at times but the food is delicious."
th "Now come on, it’s time to meet your new leader."
y "Seriously? He’s ready?"
th "Allegedly."
q "He helps you get down from the tire swing, not without some grunts of protest from your side."
th "You really like that thing, huh?"
y smug"I like riding things, can you blame me?"
th "Oh, noted~"
q "Slowly, very very slowly, you come to terms with what you just said, and spend the way back getting redder and redder thinking of the implications."
q "The horse didn’t seem to mind though, with a grin plastered on his face and eyes focused on the path back to the academy."
q "He guides you all the way to the main building, your eyes glued to his back and your hands also glued to him, but not metaphorically...literally...with sweat...gross."
I’m nervous ok?!
Both because he’s holding my hand and because I’m about to meet my new leader!
q "Your emotions are somewhat understandable, yet exaggerated."
q "Either way, at least they made the time pass fast."
q "Before you know it, the horse opens up a door, the summoners leader’s office."
q "A familiar face with wide eyes greets you on the other side."
y awkward"{size=*0.5}Here we go...{/size}"
th "Ah, good, you’re here. What a punctual little man."
q "Although his voice is bubbly, his greeting seems forced."
q "Every time his head turns from you to the dog, his smile fades ever so slightly and his expression sours."
q "The seconds of silence feel like an eternity, and something in you just can’t take it anymore, time to cut the tension."
y ec"Hi! You must be Alvy, I’m [name]."
q "You extend your hand for a shake, but the dog seems reluctant to accept it, understandably so, in his eyes, you still haven’t proven you’re not a lunatic."
q "No touching will be done in this room for now, but he does, at the very least, return your greeting."
al "Hi."
al "…"
al "We..we’ll be Shard mates now, aren’t we?"
y s"Yup, that’s if we pass the auditions, but I’ve heard they’re fairly easy, so there’s nothing to worry about, right, Therium?"
q "He’s busy looking at his phone’s empty notification screen, and bumping his leg restlessly, completely ignoring you while the frown on his face intensifies."
th "Yeah yeah, sure."
th "Respond already you damn-"
q"Phone rings"
th "Finally, sorry, you two discuss further about...whatever, I’ll be back in a sec."
q "He slams the door after walking out, a new kind of awkward silence taking over the room, a silence so awkward it needs its mom to make a doctor’s appointment for it."
q "So awkward it stayed at home during prom because it couldn’t bring itself to ask anyone out."
q "So awkward it never answers phone calls, only texts."
q "So awkward it-"
y angry"I GET IT!"
q "…"
al "…"
y simple"…"
y pf"Sorry."
y "…"
y "I’m very normal, I swear."
al "Ok…"
q"Door opens."
th "Well, just got some...shitty news."
th "The leader is no longer coming today, there are some complications on the way