..."
Y "What did you think of what we did earlier, Scribbles?"
un "The sex to satisfy your lust?"
un "It was kind of like the what this character in the movie does, something necessary for your well being."
y "But how did you feel during it?"
un sidee"Oh, you mean for me sexually?"
y "Yeah."
un "Well, umm…"
un "It was… something! Y-yeah, they… sure did things."
y "You seem nervous… were you even there?"
un suspicious"What kind of question is that? I was narrating the whole thing. Plus you got what you wanted out of that encounter, right? No need to question me."
y nakedpf"Hmm, you were indeed narrating, but you were a little vague about your wording… did you… feel it?"
un sidee"I certainly felt good talking about what was happening at that moment."
y nakedangry"That’s not a response! It’s a yes or no question!"
y "Did you, or did you not, feel everything I was feeling?!"
un "…"
un "Yyyyyy… I don’t know, I can’t risk lying."
y naked"Ha! So you were dodging the question!"
un suspicious"Yeah genius, good job, you caught me lacking, go boast about it to all the people who know I exist- oh wait, that’s right you’re the only one."
y nakedsimple"I don’t want to have one up on you, I’m just wondering: why did you not want to feel it? And how did you do it? And most importantly, why didn’t you want to tell me the truth?"
un bored"{i}*sigh*{/i}"
un "As you know, I can go to the back of your mind to not feel things, or to feel things less... and I just… I don’t know. I suppose I wasn’t ready to have sex so soon, so fast."
un "I was barely out of reach to see what was happening and hear some things."
y nakedconfused"So soon? How long has it been?"
un "…"
un "Like… two thousand years, give or take? Mostly give."
y nakedsimple"Damn."
un sidee"Still! It happened too suddenly."
un ang"But that’s it! I’m not letting you take advantage of my non-consensual truthful nature."
un "We’re dropping the subject."
y nakedss"Alright, but FYI, if you ever want not to do it-"
un pride"No, it’s your body, I don’t care what happens to it. Besides, it’s my fault you have those Lust surges in the first place."
y "…"
un bored"That reminds me: you still have cum inside you."
y nakedpf"Damn it! I knew I forgot something."
q "You pause the movie and rush to the bathroom to clean up. As soon as you finish, you hop in the shower as well since you’re already here."
q "At least the lights work unlike the main room, and the water is hot even if the shower head is missing."
y nakedbored"Why is it missing and who do I need to talk to for a replacement?"
q "The water feels heavy soaking into your fur, but relaxing, as thoughts linger at the edge of your mind."
Y nakedsmug"Isn’t Therium so hot?"
un suspicious"Don’t think about stuff like this in the shower, please."
y "Heh, don’t worry, I’m more than satisfied from the earlier encounter, no lewd thought is going to ambush me this time."
y "So answer the question."
un bored"If you think so, then sure."
y nakedsimple"You don’t think he is?"
un simple"What do you even want with him?"
y "What do you mean?"
un "A relationship? A hookup? Someone to cheat off of and help you graduate?"
y "No, I’m not seducing him into becoming my knowledge sugar daddy..."
y "As for the other things… I don’t know. Either one, I suppose?"
y nakedconfused"But what is it to you?"
un "I’m just curious, that’s all."
un "He doesn’t seem like your type."
y "You know my type?"
un bored"Anything that walks."
un "Actually, scratch that, anything that has a dick or a hole."
y nakedpf"That includes cheese graters… I would not fuck a cheese grater."
un "Oh just give yourself a month with no cumming and it’s all over."
y nakedsimple"But Therium walks, doesn't that mean he's my type?"
un "So you admit you'd fuck anything that walks?"
y nakedpf"...no?"
y nakedbored"I think I will ignore you now."
un "Fine by me."
q "You step out of the-"
y "Nope, I said I’m ignoring you, that includes the narrator."
un simple"But I-"
y nakedasleep"Nah ah."
un "I have to-"
y "Shut!"
un "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
The movie is quickly over after the shower and the last slice of pizza is also devoured by your one and only.
Even while ignoring Scribbles I could still feel him cry at the ending, or at least try his hardest not to.
Some would say it’s not a good idea to go to sleep with a full stomach, but it’s getting close to midnight and I need this sleep for tomorrow, no exceptions!
The covers are soft and cool, and so is the pillow my head smashes into.
I swear I wasn’t THIS tired when I got out of the shower, but now I’m almost dying.
As soon as my eyes closed… end of sentence...and end of day.
q "You slowly open your eyes to morning rays hitting your eyelids and the sounds of birds chirping."
q "The alarm clock might’ve been another factor in your wake."
y nakedsurprised"What the hell was that dream?"
y "If we can even call it that."
un "Do not bring it up. I know you want to, but you’ll get no answer from me so just conserve your thoughts."
y nakedbored"Meaningless mysteries, my favorite."
y "Fine, have it your way."
Y "Don’t come crying to me when you want to actually share secrets."
un "Trust me honey, I won’t."
q "You decide to stop arguing with a superior being and get dressed; you have a long day ahead of you."
y "The fact you call yourself {i}‘superior’{/i} and it’s not considered a lie has to be the most narcissistic thing I’ve witnessed."
un "I mean, it’s true. The universe says so."
q "The same kind of jeans, and white shirt and tie, because 'why change perfection?' You think to yourself."
un "Perfectly boring."
y "Why don’t you-"
q "A knock at the door prevents you  from delivering a super cool and devastating comeback."
y "Uhmm, who is it?"
th "Hey, it’s me. I brought breakfast!"
y "Therium!"
q "You open the door more excitedly than you thought you’d be upon hearing his voice again."
th "Well hello there sailor~"
y nakedawkward"H-hey, why you say it like tha-{nw}"
un "You're naked."
y nakedscared4"{size=*2}AH!{/size}"
y "Umm, sorry! One minute please!"
th "Oh take your time, I need to process the imagery."
WHY DID'T YOU SAY SOMETHING SOONER?!
un "It's funnier this way."
FUCK YOU!
q "You quickly get dressed with the usual uninspired attire."
Fuck you times two...
th "Good morning, princess."
y awkward"Hehe, hi."
y "Sorry about that..."
th "Don't be, it was nothing to complain about on my part."
y sadsmile"More importantly, sorry about yesterday I-"
th "Don’t even worry about it; I was a bit too forward, I know."
th "It was a long shot."
th "Here."
q "He hands you a small bag of food."
q "An egg salad sandwich as well as a BLT."
th "Wasn’t sure what you like so I made a variety."
y sadsmile"Oh gosh, thanks. Thankfully I’m not picky."
q "The appetizing smell prompts  you to immediately start eating, even though some of last night’s pizza is still inside you."
y food"So goooood!"
th "Glad it’s to your liking."
y awkward"Oh, sorry, where are my manners? Do you wanna come in?"
y sadsmile"I actually haven’t really checked the dorm out myself. The lightbulb is missing and I couldn’t see much last night, so we can do it together."
th "If you’re inviting, it would be rude to refuse."
q "He says slyly."
y awkward"Yeah, what kind of snob would ever refuse an invitation, haha..."
y blush"I’d love you, I-I’d love TO go to your place, h-haha."
y "Sounds nice."
th "Follow me then."
q "As if it had a mind of its own, the Lust Rush seems to notice that its host is giving up on appeasing it, and in turn mellows down. But that doesn’t stop Therium from noticing your behavior."
Q "You grab his arm and hold tight close to his body, while trying your hardest not to flirt inappropriately."
y lust"I need you to fuck-fu-fucking get me some fooood, haha."
y "Fill me up to the brim."
th "Heh, don’t worry, I’ll make sure you’re satisfied once we get to my dorm."
y "Yup, that’s what I want, you to satisfy me…"
Damn it all...
q"The road there is more of a blur imprinted in your mind. A road of dicks, and clits and ass that your imagination made up."
q"Without your guide literally holding your hand, you would’ve definitely derailed into a brothel or bar."
Q "By the time you arrive the lust goes away completely, and a feeling of ease washes over you."
q "Now you can focus your attention on the disbelief you’re feeling upon seeing his {i}‘dorm’{/i}."
y simple"Dorm?"
y surprised"DORM?"
y "This is a penthouse!"
y "How many rooms are there?"
th "Heh, there is my room, the office I turned into a guest room, bathroom, living room and kitchen."
y "Is my {i}‘room’{/i} going to be the same?"
th "Sorry, I doubt it."
th "But you can stay here as long as you want."
q "As soon as he steps inside, he walks toward the kitchen and starts dinner, but not before handing you a clean, neatly folded white towel."
th "You can go shower in the meantime, it will only take twenty minutes to prepare everything."
y smug"Is this an invitation to stay the night?"
th "Your dorm is pretty far away, it's already getting dark and it will be nighttime by the time I let you go."
y worried"B-but what about my clothes? My luggage is in my room."
th "No worries, it will be here when you get out."
q "He smiles warmly, his confidence and sincerity making you stop questioning him."
y sadsmile"Alright then, thanks."
th "…"
th "..."
th "Get the luggage."
st"Yes, master."
th "Now: dinner time."
th "I didn’t get to cook for someone else in a long time."
th "This might be, dare I say, fun."
un simple"How you feelin’? No more lust traces?"
y nakedsimple"Nope, I’m all good."
y nakedpf"But I should curse the hell out of you for this."
un bored"You made a pact."
y nakedbored"I made a promise you lied to get me into."
un ang"I did NOT lie, I was simply vague."
y "That should be considered lying."
un eyeroll"Oh, so demons should just die every time they don’t offer a novel’s worth of information with every comment they make? Great idea, just kill us all like that, you genocidal maniac."
y nakedangry"You’re taking the wrong words out of context!"
y "Just make yourself useful and narrate."
un bored"It’s boring, you’re just showering! Here:"
un "The water gets on your fur then shampoo, the shampoo make bubble, and bubble make fur clean."
un "There, happy?"
y nakedbored"You’re so talented, you should write a book."
un sidee"Maybe I will!"
un "Just to spite you."
q "One period of silence in your mind and a boring shower later, you get out and wrap a fresh towel around your waist."
q "You step into the living room and see Therium working in the kitchen."
th "Everything is ready in the guest room, last door on the second floor."
q"One thing that catches your eye is that he’s no longer in his uniform; the proper little pony boy is wearing casual clothes for once."
y nakedss"Thanks! I’ll be down in a minute!"
q "You run up the stairs, towel almost falling down, intentional, no doubt-"
It wasn’t.
un "So you’re just a boyfailure by design, got it."
q "You find the guest room and your sweet luggage you’ve missed so much."
q "Taking out some casual clothes as well, you get dressed and walk back down the stairs to meet the horse face to face."
q "Two plates of hot food consisting of meat, potatoes and some veggies, as well as a small basket of bread, await you on the coffee table in front of the TV."
q "Therium notices your intrigued expression."
th "Sorry, is this too casual? I thought eating in front of the TV would be less awkward than the kitchen table, but I could take everything back-"
y blush"No! Don’t bother, this is perfect, I’m just surprised at your sudden drop in… properness."
th "I don’t like bringing my job into my personal life."
y s"That’s a great way to live life, if you ask me."
q "The table is a little further away from the couch, so to not have to hold your plate in your hands at all times, you decide to just sit on the floor while the horse sits like a normal person on the couch."
q "You take the first bites of food in silence, but the intense flavors just won’t let you stay quiet."
y food"Mhhhmmm! Delicious."
y "How’d you make it so fast?"
th "I had the meat marinated and ready, but the potatoes are reheated on the stove, unfortunately."
y "No misfortunes found here, it’s good."
y "You are talented at this."
th "You’re just saying that."
y sadsmile"I swear I’m not!"
th "You sure it’s not because of these?"
q "He holds his plate with one hand and flexes his bicep, smiling slyly."
q "After a moment of seeing your unimpressed face he… melts, would be the best term to describe it."
q "His smile drops and arm slowly lowers."
th "Oh, you really are serious."
q "In an instant you return to your awkward boy-failure state."
y simple"S-sorry, was that a pop culture reference I didn’t get? I’m not good with anything that isn’t catered specifically to my tastes."
th "No, I mean, yeah, it’s from an old movie. It’s fine, it wasn’t too funny anyway."
Q "For the first time, Therium seems slightly uncomfortable, or at least not ready for small talk."
q "He looks at the TV without a smile on, eyes concentrating in the corner of the screen, trailing away on the wall behind it."
q "’Perhaps I offended him’, is the first thought that comes through your head."
q "Maybe he just doesn’t know how to hold a conversation without being flirty."
q "After all, those three guys earlier did say he’s a bit weird and so far, aside from being smoking hot, you haven’t seen many flaws in him."
y simple"Okay, okay. So... umm..."
q "You tap your chin thoughtfully before finally coming up with something you might share common ground on, to get him back in a conversational mood."
y "Have you seen any good movies recently? I've been meaning to catch a new horror flick myself."
q "You turn your attention back towards the TV and your plate of food while attempting to make small talk."
y "There is this new movie that you might like, well, anyone would like, since it has the best actress in the world starring in it, at least in my opinion, but anyone with eyes should agree too, haven’t seen it myself yet either, although I’m not sure how the cable even works around here."
y "Speaking of cable, how does it work? And why can’t I have access to it in my dorm?"
y s"Actually, forget cable, who even cares, I need internet!"
y "Do you have internet, Therium?"
q "He looks at you, a bit curious."
th "You’re not very good at small talk."
q "He says in a serious, silent tone, which shifts back into his usual proper and sly demeanor."
th "You’re supposed to wait for an answer after the first question before throwing the next one."
y sadsmile"Shoot, I’m always either talking too much or not enough, no in-between."
q "At least you managed to snap him out of his little depressing episode, whatever that was about."
y smug"Oh, I’m sorry, why don’t we hold a thought provoking conversation then, mister professional conversation enjoyer?"
th "All right,"
q "He ponders for a moment."
th "How about this? Do you believe that animals have feelings and emotions like people?"
q "Now his tone is neutral, almost curious, though there's a hint of mischief lurking beneath the surface."
q "You’re surprised at his sudden question, but decide to give it a minute and really think about it."
q "As you do, he gets up, his food nearly finished, and brings from the kitchen a bottle of wine, some kind of fruit juice, and a bottle of sparkling water, as well as two glasses."
q "He places the wine bottle on the right corner, the juice on the left corner and water in the middle of the table."
q "He gestures towards them and you understand the assignment, in a way, but at the same time, you can feel your brain frying."
q "Such a simple choice, but knowing this man, it is not as it seems."

--- CHOICES ---
→ My choice of beverage is my answer to his question, and my answer is…
→ Of course they do.
→ I’m not convinced enough.
→ They definitely do, but different from us.

--- CHOICES ---
→ Drink it.
→ Switch it with something else.
--- END CHOICES ---

q "He shifts into his cool persona once again and rearranges his long mane, his dangling crystal earring reflecting in his pupil, which shies away from your face."
th "I’m sorry, I’m spouting nonsense again, aren’t I?"
y s"No don’t be! I like this kind of conversation, deep but also meaningless in a way."
y sadsmile"It’s my fault; I’m so bad at small talk that we had to result in this anyway."
y "Can’t say I was able to keep up with every metaphor and analogy we threw in the mix but I tried my best."
th "You are sharper than you think."
th "I’m aware that my divination methods are a bit more obscure, sometimes unwanted, I’ve been told."
y surprised"Divination?"
y "Now that you mention it, it did seem a bit like a personality test of some sort."
th "Heh, spot on once again, but it’s not as shallow as personality."
th "Little questions, gestures, mimics, the way someone dresses, talks and walks can all be good indicators of who they really are. Might even predict their destiny."
y "You can tell my future?!"
th "Oh no, not more than any run of the crowd carnival seer could."
th "There is no such thing as ‘seeing someone’s future’, time is much too malleable to predict, it always slips through the tiniest cracks."
th "I dabble in other ways."
th "But that is not what matters most about me or about you."
th "As a summoner all that matters is your ability to summon Nightfallen with whatever kind of magic you have, we don’t discriminate."
y s"That’s good to hear."
y "So..."
y "What about you?"
th "About…"
y smug"The question, the one I almost had an internal meltdown over, you have to answer too. It’s only fair."
th "Oh?"
th "Hmm."
th "I mean, I don't know for sure,"
q "He says truthfully with an unusually sincere tone."
th "But you can tell that animals show signs of happiness and sorrow sometimes, right? Like when a dog wags its tail or when a cat purrs? That is undoubtful, it’s just a matter of how relevant it is to our question."
q "He scratches his chin nonchalantly, contemplating."
th "And what about us? Do we have emotions too?"
y simple"You can’t possibly think we don’t."
q" His gaze drifts downwards, lingering on your chest briefly before returning to meet your eyes."
th "Perhaps we do have some, but if they aren’t deep enough, true enough, then they’re no different than animals."
th "I mean, lust is an emotion, we both know how that’s going in this world."
y "Yeah..."
th"Are we just machines designed to reproduce and survive?"
th "It’s hard to judge the meaning of another being’s life, when you don’t know your own purpose."
y "So, the final drink you choose is?"
th "Heh."
Th "I’m not thirsty."
y "So you just...refuse?"
th "I put it on pause."
th "There is such a thing as taking action too early. Some hints may appear along the way that will change my opinion."
th "Such as, a piece of stale bread that needs to be washed down. When the moment comes, I’ll make my choice, don’t want to regret it until then."
y "But what if you had to choose."
th "I choose nothing."
y "But the question only has three choices."
y "You have to choose one of the three."
th "Then I refuse the questions, as I said."
y smug"Not this time, you have to choose, or else you get zero points."
th "Can I choose a cup of tea?"
y "Nope, no fourth option, no bs."
th "I don’t think that’s how-"
y "Wine. Water. Juice."
th "But I can’t-"
y determined"Choose!"
th "God, let me-"
y "ONE, TWO THREE AND-"
th "{size=*1.5}IT’S NOT THAT SIMPLE!{/size}" with hpunch
q "For the first time, you made him lose his cool for only a second."
q "His intense eyes: encircled by wrinkled skin, and his perfect hair: now has a few strands standing upright."
q "He realizes it as soon as you do, and starts laughing."
th "A-alright, heh, you win."
th "I guess you don’t always get to have another choice, not when there is a...noisy, demanding leopard ready to jump at your throat."
y smug"Guilty as charged."
th "If I had to choose something, and it was life or death, I’d choose...what you chose."
y simple"That is either a flattering answer, a boring one or a dumb one."
y smug"Funny, somehow you managed to answer the question exactly how I wanted, yet it is still technically a fourth choice."
y s"Nicely done."
th "It’s your turn to flatter me, huh?"
th "What can I say, I like to leave my guests satisfied, but that doesn’t mean I won’t get what I want in the end."
y ec"Thanks again for the meal. I was fully expecting to only eat cafeteria meals and junk food or convenience store items for my whole year."
th "And thank you for the thought provoking conversation, Nightfallen don’t usually respond to me that way."
y simple"Night-"
y surprised"Oh!"
y "I saw the dog bed and chew toys in the corner. I was going to ask if you own a pet, but now I realize."
th "Yup, maybe not a pet, but a familiar for sure."
q "Deja Vu."
th "Sparkle loves his alone time in the bed, bathing in the moonlight."
y ec"You can let him out, he seemed very friendly when I met him."
th "Ah, that...Sparky, I don’t think you’re ready to meet Sparkle just yet…"
y pf"Oh, that makes me intrigued...and also scared."
th "Reasonable reaction, but don’t worry, this isn’t some kind of big sacrifice for your sake."
q "He says while bringing two small bowls of ice cream from the kitchen."
y sadsmile"You’re spoiling me."
th "What am I expected to do when an angel is sitting in my living room, but treat him with utmost respect and adoration?"
y blush"Oh you…"
q "Conversation? What conversation? Whatever words the horse was spilling after that cheesy remark went through one ear and left through the other, as the rest of your face hole was stuffed with the frozen delight."
q "The few moments of clarity were, in turn, occupied by the sound of the TV, screams of agony can be heard at this point in the show."
th "You don’t seem too fazed."
y smug"I have high horror movie tolerance."
y "I used to watch them since I was like four, with my mom and my cousin."
th "I suppose there is no chance or reason to snuggle together on the couch, you brave cat."
y s"Yeah, probably not."
q "Somehow you manage to push any kind of lust in your cumbrain away in a critical moment, not even a personal narrator in your head could break you away from the screen and the spoon."
q "Thankfully, your man is not too sad about your denial. In fact, he’s smiling warmly while looking your way."
q "It’s only by the end of the movie, when he got bored and came closer, massaging your shoulders with his strong, meaty fingers, his thighs touching your cheek and his foot brushing against your arm, that you finally realize the tension in the room."
q "But it’s a little late for that."
q "There are more pressing matters to turn to."
y sadsmile"Hey, uhmm, So...where do I sleep?"
y "Should’ve asked this earlier probably."
th "Glad you asked."
th "Well, you have two options."
th "You can either take the guest room on the second floor, which is unfortunately not too well prepared to actually house guests."
th "Or...my bed is big enough, I believe."
q "Yup, those lustful thoughts come back faster than that young, attractive woman died to the serial killer in the movie. The pretty ones are always the first."
q "Keep that in mind, pretty boy."

--- CHOICES ---
→ Guest room.
→ Meanwhile...
→ Therium’s room.
→ Meanwhile...
--- END CHOICES ---

The sound of my sofa’s cushions being compressed is not something I like to hear, unless it’s me who does it.
I guess he’s already here.
No matter, I have to make preparations for tomorrow’s meals before starting a conversation with this-
nu "Nice ass."
th "deviant..."
th "A very appropriate greeting coming from you."
nu "Not my fault you decided to get naked as soon as your little toy went to bed."
nu "I thought he’d never leave."
th "Don’t call him that."
nu "Already attached, huh?"
nu "Since when do you prepare food so late at night? There must be a new, special reason."
th "Did you come here just to get on my nerves?"
nu "Not at all, I just wanted to check on things."
nu "And I have to say, I’m satisfied with what I’m seeing."
th "Shut up…"
nu"The other two are looking for him."
th "And what am I supposed to do?"
nu"I’m just bringing the news, not the solutions."
nu"He really likes you."
th "He likes my body."
nu"That’s what YOU want him to like."
nu"I know it’s hard to admit you got out-philosophied."
th "That’s not a word."
nu"But it’s the truth."
nu"I heard you two talk, and I heard your heart beat rise and fall… rise and fall, rise-"
th "Are you done?"
th "What do you even want?"
nu "Sigh, I’ll get to the point I guess."
nu "Be honest."
nu"How do you think he’ll do?"
Th "I don’t think he’s ready."
nu"Why? Are you still jealous, Therium?"
nu "Or perhaps insecure?"
nu "Or maybe both?"
Th "…"
th "No."
nu "Then come ooon, give him a chance."
nu "You know what happens, if he fails…"
th "Then he better not."
nu "That depends entirely on us...and him."
nu "What about the auditions?"
Th "For him? You were right, it will be a joke."
…
y simple"…"
y "Uhmm."
y "ok."
y "…"
y "Scrib?"
y "Scribbles, are you going to narrate?"
y bored"Are you...not there or are you just mad at me for what I said before bed, because frankly, I should be the annoyed one here."
y "…"
y simple"Ok, I guess you’re not here."
y "But more importantly, where am I?"
y "I find myself in darkness, but my eyes are open."
y "I can move freely around, although I don’t know if I should."
y "This certainly feels like a dream, my skin is not cold or warm, I feel no breeze or even air itself."
y "There’s just...nothingness, a deep, comforting void."
y "Maybe I should take a nap here, even if it’s a dream, it’s not like there’s anyone-"
unn "Just turn around already…"
y surprised"Oh."
y s"So, we meet again."
y "What’s the occasion?"
unn "No idea."
y simple"Did you not summon me?"
y "Like all the other times?"
unn "I didn’t {i}‘summon’{/i} you now, nor did I any other time. I don’t know what your deal is and this mind of yours."
unn "You’re the one that’s trapping me in your dreams...stupid, at least this time..."
y bored"You’re... you’re turning your head very far, hey, you’re gonna break your neck, look at me!"
y simple"Are you blushing?"
unn "N-NO! SHUT UP!"
unn "I just didn’t expect you here, that’s all!"
unn"Last time I used a lot of magic to be able to get to you, but now…"
unn "It might have something to do with our bond kind of...strengthening, in a way."
unn "Since we’re sharing a body and all..."
Y surprised"You think so?"
unn "I have noticed that I was rapidly gaining new abilities, knowledge and strength here."
unn "In the real world I’m even able to see things you don’t keep your eyes on already."
Y sadsmile"Aww, we’re becoming closer and closer friends."
unn "Or maybe I’m starting to consume you from the inside and take over."
y pf"Whyyy are you ruining the moment?"
unn "’Moment’? Like we can have any kind of good moments in the darkness."
unn "There is only misery and boredom here."
y simple"Where are we anyway?"
unn "{i}*sigh*{/i}"
unn "Welcome to my prison, make yourself comfortable."
y "Your...prison? You mean we’re inside your crystal?"
unn "Not quite, it is visually an exact replica, but you're still dreaming, so it’s not like you can feel anything."
y "Now that you mention it, I don’t even have a desire to breathe in here."
unn "It is definitely nicer than my actual prison."
y bored"Dark, gloomy, creepy… yup, this explains everything."
unn "I don’t like that condescending tone..."
y s"Heh, I’m just kidding, you are…"
unn "What?"
unn "Annoying? Dumb? Ugly? A nuisance to have around? Ha, you can say it all to my face now I suppose. It’s not like I ca-"
y sadsmile"Pleasant."
unn "Huh?"
y "In a way."
unn "Explain yourself."
y "I’m not sure how to explain it, you just seem like a not so bad guy sitting over here, in front of me."
y "It’s different from the real world, for some reason."
y "Maybe because you have a real person’s body instead of a cloud of scribbles."
unn "P-probably because you can’t hear all the nasty things I’m saying in my mind."
y simple"Oh, about me?"
unn "No...just...in general."
Y "This is a little awkward, now that I think about it."
unn "Why? You said you like my body."
y pf"That’s also the problem."
y "Well, we kind of... we almost fucked before, in my previous dream."
unn "Oh...well, in my defense, you’re the one that jumped at my feet."
y bored"You should’ve said it was a dream, or just said no in general."
unn "Well I stopped the dream before you could do anything, didn’t I?!"
unn "That’s something."
y surprised"That was you? Not my alarm?"
y bored"Huh...guess I underestimated your self control, good job, {i}‘lust demon’{/i}."
I’m glad that at last he won’t be able to hear my thoughts, because of what I’m about to say, but he is...extremely cute, and I mean that in a completely innocent way.
The blush that appears over his scribbles make as much sense as a snowman in the desert, but it keeps appearing as he talks, his face turning away from me as much as possible.
He might be embarrassed about the scribbles, or maybe his mostly naked body?
After all, I do get to be fully clothed in my own dream, even if I went to sleep in my underwear.
Maybe I’m the weird one...actually.
unn "What are you thinking so intensely about?"
y sadsmile"Oh, sorry, I was just…"
Y "Can I touch you?"
His head, once again turns and shuffles but he doesn’t say a word.
Y "I could before, why wouldn’t I be able to now?"
y sadsmile"You didn’t shy away before..."
unn "That was...a special case."
y simple"How so?"
unn "I wasn’t inside your body back then, it wasn’t real."
y "Are you saying this...is real?"
unn "Aghh, I don’t know!"
unn "I never had to possess anyone before, this is all new to me as well."
unn "It’s not something I expected."
unn "But still, I thought I knew all there is to know about mind spells."
y sadsmile"So...do you want to experiment? See what we can and can’t do?"
unn "I mean… you can try, I guess… if you want."
unn "But I’m not expecting much."
I take a few slow steps towards the mighty demon.
A compliment I add just for the off chance that he actually hears my thoughts, this is technically my mind, after all.
I extend my hand towards him, who in turn, raises his hand to match mine